STATE FORMATION IN SUMER
AND THE SUBJUGATION OF WOMEN
RUBY ROHRLICH
INTRODUCTION
Contemporary theories on the origin of the state present exten
sive demographic and ecological data to prove that population
pressures underlay the pivotal processes of economic and politi
stratification. Increasingly, however, population and ecological
models are being dismissed "as mechanistic formulae that have
no explanatory value."1 Because they exclude political and
social factors, these models discourage the search for "the interna
sequences of cause and effect leading to statehood in widely diffe
ing areas and epochs."2 Thus, as Robert Cameiro points out,
none of these theories holds up:
Although it is by all odds the most far-reaching political development in
human history, the origin of the state is still very imperfectly understood.
Indeed, not one of the current theories of the rise of the state is entirely
satisfactory. At one point or another, all of them fail.3
It is the thesis of this paper that a critical factor in state form
tion is the emergence of patriarchy. Even the theories that includ
political and social factors fail to account for state origins because
for the most part (and except for the new feminist scholarship),
they ignore the emergence of patriarchy as a critical institution
during specific historical periods. Asserting the universal domi-
nance of men over women as a biological and/or cultural given,
mainstream paradigms, particularly in anthropology, ignore the
interrelationships among the several hierarchies of male suprem-
acy, economic stratification, and political centralization that
characterize particular state formations.
Since the inception of anthropology as a formal discipline, the
emotionality of male debates concerning the existence of societ
in which men were not dominant reveals the. personal and profes
sional investment of the majority of anthropologists in the theor
Feminist Studies 6, no. 1 (Spring 1980). 1980 by Ruby Rohrlich.
Ruby Rohrlich 77
of universal male supremacy. On this issue, the continuity between
armchair anthropologists of the nineteenth century and contempor-
ary mainstream anthropologists is direct and linear. In 1887, durin
the earlier women's movement, John Ferguson McLennan, in a
representative view of the period, ridiculed the evidence for the
existence of matriarchal societies: "That the children of a man
and a woman living together as husband and wife should be sub-
ject to the mother's authority and not the father's, be named after
her and not after the father, be her heirs and not the father's, is
simply incredible."4 Ninety years later, a contemporary anthro-
pologist who disarmingly acknowledges that "sexism is still per-
vasive in anthropological theory and practice," nevertheless urges
women to accept the core of this theory, the notion of universal
male supremacy:
There is no evidence that matriarchal societies have ever existed. The appar-
ent universality of male dominance-at least in public and political realms-
must be a starting point for an anthropology of women. The point is urgent.
If women are to achieve full liberation, it will be through means that have
never before been open.s
In asserting the "universality of male dominance," Roger Keesing
not only rejects any evidence of matriarchal societies, but also dis-
regards evidence concerning egalitarian relationships between wom-
en and men.
The rejection of evidence of female-male egalitarian relationships
and of the preeminence of women in various societies results in
distorted or incomplete ethnographies and ethnohistories. A criti-
cal case in point is Sumer, the earliest state society so far discovered.
"Sumerologists have only recently begun to turn their attention to
social and economic questions"; thus, "there are important unan-
swered questions" about the "representativeness and about the
proper methodology for the interpretation" of the ancient docu-
ments.6 The data in this paper indicate that perhaps the most
important of these "unanswered questions" concern the decline
in women's high status, and the link between the subordination
of women and the destruction of clan egalitarianism, the backbone
of the opposition to state formation in Sumer. Piecing together
evidence drawn from archeological artifacts, economic documents,
and religious symbolism, I hope to demonstrate that the subju-
gation of women and the subversion of kinship relationships were
integrally related to the institutionalization of militarism and of
political consolidation in a society in which economic stratifica-
tion became rigidified.
Like all the pristine civilizations, Sumer evolved out of a Neo-
78 Ruby Rohrlich
lithic agricultural society, which formed part of "a single connec-
ted region, a Nuclear Zone [of agriculture], of Anatolia, Iran and
Syria before 7000 B.C."7 In the Neolithic Near East, women's
high status is now explicitly established by James Mellaart's find-
ings at Catal Huyuk, a site on the Anatolian plateau of south-
central Turkey. Catal HUyuk was not a small Neolithic village
where, it is sometimes conceded, women played central roles.
Already in the seventh millennium B.C., it was "a town or even
a city of a remarkable and developed kind,"8 sheltering five or
six thousand people. The fourteen successive building levels that
were excavated, covering the period from around 6250 B.C. to
5400 B.C., reveal an economy based on irrigation agriculture and
cattle breeding, supplemented by gathering, hunting, and fishing.
Technological specialization was remarkably advanced, and trade
in raw and finished goods was extensive. The art of Catal HiiyUk
reached even higher levels than its crafts. Deriving from "an ad-
vanced religion, complete with symbolism and mythology,"9 it
focused on women who, from all indications, predominated in
the economic, social, and religious spheres.
The economic activities of women seem to have been crucial.
The many female figurines found in the grainbins point to their
central role in agriculture. They also apparently participated in
hunting: "The frequency with which the goddess is shown associ-
ated with wild animals probably reflects her ancient role as the
provider of food for a hunting population, and as patroness of
the hunt."10
The women wove the earliest textiles so far found; the wall
paintings show strikingly patterned garments and rugs, dyed with
a full range of pigments. Baskets and pottery, the earliest known
in the Middle East, were probably made by the women, who also
molded the figurines, principally of women and animals. Those
found at Hacilar, a later Neolithic settlement in Anatolia, were
modeled by artists who had intimate knowledge of female anat-
omy and the ability to reproduce it in clay.11 In all likelihood,
the women also participated in the long-distance trading exchanges,
as did women in Sumer, Crete, Africa, and other parts of the world.
The social preeminence of women at Catal Huyuk is clear.
Among the house platforms used for working and sleeping, the
small comer platform belonging to the men was often moved
about; the much larger main platform of the women never changed
its place. Women were buried with their hoes and adzes, as well
as jewelery, and children were buried either with the women under
the large platforms or under smaller platforms, but never with the
men-suggesting that the society was matrilineal and matrilocal.
Ruby Rohrlich 79
Representations of adults and children "in order of importance"
were: "mother, daughter, son and father."12
The religious artifacts particularly revealed the high status of
the women. Well-made statues, wall paintings, and reliefs show
women of all shapes and sizes, in secular and sacred activities.
They are shown in association with plants and animals, and they
are surrounded by the symbols of their roles as farmers, weavers,
mothers, ritual leaders, and deities. "The principal deity was a
goddess," writes Mellaart.13 While a male deity is also frequently
depicted, "it is evident that statues of a female deity far outnum-
ber those of the male."'4
Out of a total of 480 burials found in the various levels, only
21-"most, if not all,... of the female sex"15 -were painted with
red ocher or cinnabar, of great symbolic significance since the
Middle Paleolithic. Seventeen of these skeletons were found in
the shrines, the burial places of those who enjoyed special pres-
tige and authority. "It seems extremely likely that the cult of
the goddess was administered mainly by women."16 The female
deity is depicted in human form, while the bulls and rams are
believed to represent the male. Because these animals symbolized
male sexual potency in many cultures, the men of Catal HtUyUk
may have been valued as sex objects, in addition to their other
attributes.
The disappearance of hunting scenes from the wall paintings
after level III is linked to the decline in hunting. "Sometime dur-
ing the 58th century B.C. agriculture finally triumphed over the
age-old occupation, and with it the power of women increased."17
After this time the male god disappears: "He is not represented
among the nine statues from the shrine in level II. ... His role has
evidently been greatly diminished and his prestige has irreparably
suffered."18
But because hunting had persisted for so long, the people of
Catal HUyUk retained the respect for animal life typical of gathering-
hunting societies. Thus the site contained no provisions for animal
sacrifice, such as those found in later Bronze Age shrines, or of
human sacrifice, as in the Royal Tombs of Ur in Sumer. Nor is
there evidence of warfare throughout the millennium-long existence
of Catal HUytlk; in this society, the focus was on the conservation
of fife. Despite the advanced level of occupational specialization,
there is no evidence for social stratification beyond the special
burials of women who were presumably ritual leaders.
Catal HUyUk is one of "the three known centres where early
civilizations developed" in Western Asia.l9 It is "of the greatest
significance . .. for the pre-history ... of the whole of the Near
80 Ruby Rohrlich
and Middle East,"20 and it has "transformed our conceptions of t
nature of Neolithic society. The excavations at ~atal Hiiyuk easil
represent one of the most important archeological projects of the
last forty years."21 Yet this site, providing conclusive evidence for
women's preeminence in the Middle Eastern Neolithic, is either
ignored in anthropology textbooks, or, where it is mentioned,
Mellaart's evidence for women's high status is omitted,22 and the
female figurines are described simply as fertile mother goddesses,
or as fat or pregnant.23 Similarly, Anne Barstow points out that
the §atal Huyuk material "has been scarcely noted by scholars
in the history of religions."24
The omission or distortion of data dissonant with the ideology
of universal female subordination is consistent with the assertions
by mainstream scholars that women have always been restricted
to childbearing and childrearing, and that consequently they were
socially inferior to men, who functioned in the "public domain."
But the data show that the high status of Sumerian women in the
advanced Neolithic or Mesopotamia and in the early phases of
Sumerian civilization gradually declined with the emergence of
a militaristic, male-dominated, politically centralized, class society.
The evidence indicates that the subordination of women in Sumer
was integral to the destruction of the egalitarian clan structures
that had constituted the essential stronghold against the formation
of socioeconomic hierarchy and the state.
SUMER: FROM CITY-STATE TO EMPIRE
Catal Hiiyik is the earliest prototype so far discovered of a
highly developed Neolithic society from which the Sumerian sta
developed. Preceding in time, and geographically at some dist
from similar settlements in Sumer, it is nevertheless linked to t
temporally and spatially, as a westerly variant of the Halafian cu
ture in the upper Tigris-Euphrates region.25 Catal Hiyiiuk appea
to have been abandoned when the cultural center of the Near East
shifted eastward and then to southern Mesopotamia, where the
Ubaid culture flourished and spread throughout Mesopotamia,
overlapping with the Halafian in the north. As at Catal HuyUk,
"in the late Ubaid period significant differentiation in grave wealth
was almost entirely absent,"26 and female figurines were found in
most of the sites. From the Ubaid culture sprang the cities of
ancient Sumer.
The impetus to urbanization seems to have occurred when the
Neolithic villages and towns drew together into larger territorial
and political units in defense against periodic raids by nomadic
Ruby Rohrlich 81
pastoralists. From the outset, urbanization gave rise to a mana-
gerial class not only out of need for defensive measures, but also
because contingencies such as droughts, floods, and famine required
the accumulation of reserves of foodstuffs, seed, and herds. For
example, "the problem of sparse summer forage was a particularly
critical one, necessitating centralized management, particularly in
the case of the larger bovids and equids."27
Given the heritage of Neolithic religion as the integrating insti-
tution, the ritual leaders became the managers, and the temple,
evolving out of the Neolithic shrine, became the hub of the expand-
ing city as a complex of sanctuary, warehouses, and workrooms.
Functioning as the center for the reception and redistribution of
the surplus wealth of the community, it was in the temple that
writing was invented to keep records of community contributions
that became compulsory, and to take a census of the population.
But the priesthood retained a considerable proportion of this sur-
plus wealth for its personal use, and the building and maintenance
of the temple complex drained off the surplus labor of the farmers,
artisans, and artists. The earliest writing reveals that by Protoliter-
ate times (around 3500 B.C.), about five hundred years after the
first cities were built in Sumer, the farmers had lost their autonomy
as they were forced to cultivate the private land of the elites.28
The theocracy became increasingly detached from the everyday
concerns of the community.
Situated on the alluvial plain between the Tigris and Euphrates
rivers, Sumer lacked a number of resources, principally timber,
metals, and stone, primarily for the building of the ziggurats-the
elaborate temples-and later, for the palaces and tombs of the
kings. The farmers continued to use date palms and reeds to
build their dwellings and made their tools out of clay and stone
long after bronze came into use for weapons. But by Protoliter-
ate times, the demand of the priesthood for copper, precious
metals, lapis lazuli, stone, and cedarwood, led to the expansion
of commodity production and to a great increase in long-distance
trading.
A class of merchants arose that also acquired wealth, power,
and land under the aegis of the ruling class. In the latter part of
the Early Dynastic period, "much of the intercity trade and pro-
curement was either subject to royal demand or under direct royal
control."29 The heads of the merchants' organizations maintained
an especially close relationship to the ruling families, and merchants
were included among those who received rations and allotments
of land from the rulers.
Early on, the cities began to compete for the vital resources of
82 Ruby Rohrlich
land and water; warfare became chronic and walled cities were a
feature of the Sumerian landscape. Defensive considerations re-
quired the cultivation of land close to the city walls, with irrigation
systems to maximize agricultural output. Irrigation works disrup-
ted the communal systems of land tenure by restricting access to
often-scarce water, and promoted the "concentration of heredit-
able, alienable wealth in productive resources, and hence also the
emergence of a class society."30 From Protoliterate times on,
numerous records attest to the great differences in land owner-
ship, the priesthood in the early period owning and controlling
the largest tracts.
As military matters became paramount in economic and political
decision making, the successful generals eventually became the
rulers, usually after a power struggle with the priesthood. But the
priests maintained a secure place in the hierarchy as they carried
out their principal function of validating the status of the elites.
By this time, Sumerian religion was disseminating the ideology
that humans had been created solely to toil for the gods and their
earthly representatives.
In contrast to the Neolithic societies, which did not practice
even animal sacrifice, in Sumer the earliest dynastic rulers practiced
human sacrifice, perhaps as a gross display of their power before
they began to codify the laws, a crucial means of political control.
In the Royal Tombs of Ur, C. Leonard Woolley found, in addition
to objects that revealed the enormous wealth of even the early
rulers, skeletons of about seventy members of the royal retinue:
"The burial of the king was accompanied by human sacrifice on
a lavish scale, the bottom of the grave pit being crowded with the
bodies of men and women who seemed to have been brought down
here and butchered where they stood."31
The secular rulers, who also had sacred functions to validate
their power, began to establish dynasties and soon were deified
in their own lifetimes. They built temples, palaces, and tombs on
the land they acquired by expropriation from their own people,
and by conquest. A major consequence of militaristic conquest
was the emergence of another new class, slaves, taken as war
prisoners.
With respect to slavery, foreign and domestic oppression were
indistinguishable in the early stages of militarism. Not only were
local peoples in neighboring cities incorporated as lower-class sub-
jects or slaves, but those who could not pay their debts, or who
committed various offenses against the state, could also be reduced
to slavery. The fact that the number of debt-slaves was much
greater than the number of captive slaves indicates that, increasingly,
Ruby Rohrlich 83
human beings, as well as land and commodities, were regarded as
property. In fact, the slave's status as property was backed by th
state. "A runaway slave was an object of pursuit not only by his
owner but also by the public authorities."32 At a later date, the
immense wealth and power of the ancient Middle Eastern rulers
largely depended on the institution of slavery. Slaves were put to
work on public projects and manufactories, and they took the
place of field workers who had to serve in the armies.
Inevitably, militaristic rulers became imperialistic. The primary
factor in the development of imperialism in Sumer was the inter-
city competition for control of the trade routes and the distant
sources of supply. Garrisons protected the roads used by the
merchants, and at the same time standing armies were used to
quell domestic disorders. Around 2500 B.C., all the city-states
in Sumer were joined by military conquest under a single ruler;
about a century later, Sargon the Great "unified" Sumer with
Akkad in the north and became ruler of all Mesopotamia. Thenc
forward, deities who had been patrons of agriculture became cele
tial warriors. Enlil, the "lord of the plow," became "lord of all
lands," or "he who breaks the enemy land as a single reed." Sar-
gon's conquests marked the beginning of an imperialism that cul-
minated in the far-flung empire of Hammurabi, who established
his dynasty at Babylon around 1790 B.C. when the history of
Sumer came to an end.
When Babylon inherited Sumerian art, it had long since become
stereotyped and static, in contrast to its florescence in the Ubaid
and Protoliterate periods. The decline in artistic imagination, as
artists were compelled to glorify the military exploits and power
of the rulers, is particularly marked when Sumerian art is compared
with the creative exuberance of the artists in the peaceable matri-
archy of Minoan Crete.33
The alienation of artists in Sumer was only one symptom of the
erosion of the egalitarian clan structures. Even before the Proto-
literate period, the foundations of the clan system were shaken as
farming and pastoralism came under the control of the emergent
state. While corporate kin groups continued to own large tracts of
land, their autonomy and cohesiveness were sapped as land, form-
erly inalienable, was bought and sold; as communal resources and
labor were expropriated by the rulers and commodity production
expanded; as the clan leaders became part of the hierarchy when
the clan structures were used to organize craft guilds, corvee
squads, and militias.
But it is the thesis of this paper that the basic subversion of the
clans occurred when the egalitarian relations between women and
84 Ruby Rohrlich
men, which were central to the democratic process, were destroyed
This occurred in the context of chronic warfare, which became a
male occupation and a significant factor in the emergence of male
supremacy, and in the development of private property and its
generational transmission, secured in the male line by law. The
changeover to a patrilineal, patrilocal system led to the creation
of the patriarchal family, probably the most important element
in the creation of male supremacy. This type of family reflected
and confirmed the divisions throughout the society. "The incor-
poration of numbers in servile and dependent relations, before
that time unknown, . . . stamped the patriarchal family."34
WOMEN IN SUMER
With the institutionalization of the patriarchal family, economic
stratification, militarism, and the consolidation of the state in the
hands of a male elite, male supremacy pervaded every social stra-
tum. As the clans became vertically organized and the kinship
system patrilineal, women were wrested from their own clans and
from the socioeconomic and religious solidarity of the clanswomen,
gradually ousted from prestigious economic roles, deprived of a
voice in political decision making, and made dependent on men.
Analysis of the archeological data and of the religious, literary,
and economic documents shows that the subordination of women
was integral to the emergence of a rigidly stratified, militaristic
society. The data that follow are ordered in terms of the roles
women played, both actual and symbolic, as rulers, goddesses,
priestesses, scribes, warriors, entrepreneurs, prostitutes, and slaves.
The approach is diachronic wherever the data provide time spans,
in order to show the high status of women in the early phases of
Sumerian civilization and its subsequent decline.
Rulers. In the initial stages of Sumerian civilization, women
appear to have been in the highest ranks; "matriarchy seems to
have left something more than a trace in the early Sumerian city-
states."35 The title nin, "queen," was "only applied to goddesses
and those women . . .who served as rulers,"36 and in the Royal
Cemetery of Ur, around 2900 B.C., the very beginning of the
First Dynasty, the names of two queens were inscribed: one Nin-
Banda; and the other, Nin-Shubad, whose tomb was far more richly
furnished than that of her "supposed husband," whose name was
not inscribed.37 In northern Mesopotamia the woman Ku-Bau,
previously an innkeeper, founded the Third Dynasty of Kish,
around 2500 B.C., ruled for a very long time, and became a leg-
endary figure.38
Ruby Rohrlich 85
In Early Dynastic Lagash, around 2450 B.C., Baranamtarra ruled
jointly with her husband, Lugalanda, the patesi, or high priest. R
ferred to as "The Woman," at that time an honorific title, she kept
her own court, "The House of the Woman," distinct from her hus-
band's court, "The House of the Man," and carried on long-distan
trade in her own name.39 She continued to hold a very important
position even after her husband was ousted as high priest.
Following Baranamtarra, Shagshag ruled jointly with Urukagina
the patesi who ousted Lugalanda. Shagshag was also referred to a
"The Goddess Bau," perhaps indicating that she was deified in her
own lifetime. The chief minister of state in both reigns belonged
to the retinues of the women; under Baranamtarra she or he was
styled "Scribe of the House of the Woman," and under Shagshag,
"Scribe of the Goddess Bau." "All this suggests that the patesis
were merely consorts, the real authority being vested in their
wives."40
The administrative documents of the estate ruled by Shagshag
record her great wealth, and these documents, together with those
from the estate of Baranamtarra, provide the only data for the
study of the economic structures of the period. The turning point
in the position of women rulers may have occurred when Uruka-
gina brought Shagshag's property under his control, at the same
time as he elevated himself to the kingship and reduced her status
to that of consort.41 This event probably took place after Uruka-
gina issued a series of edicts (the earliest law code so far discovered,
discussed more fully below) that contained a regulation imposing
monogamy on women only, which made the practice of polyandry
illegal and institutionalized patrilineality.
Deities. The transformation of the Neolithic religious structure
both symbolized and helped to institutionalize the social changes
that ocurred in Bronze Age Sumer. The worship of natural forces
through the intermediacy of female symbols was followed by the
propitiation of these forces by both female and male representa-
tions, which were then supplanted by male-headed, hierarchical
pantheons in which male deities were more numerous and played
more important roles than female deities and even attempted to
take over their procreative functions.
Among the Ubaid people, who laid the groundwork for the
Sumerian civilization, "the 'Mother-Goddess' type of clay figurine
-a slim, standing woman with a snake-like head crowned with a
coil of hair made of bitumen-was very popular."42 And in the
early Sumerian myths, the female deities are the creators of all
life. "The creator of all life is the goddess Nammu, personifica-
tion of the primeval sea, who gave birth to heaven and earth";43
"the ancestress who gave birth to all the gods."44