Mycelium & Myth



Some  416 million years ago plants made it onto dry land. But these plants  were not the plants you and I know as sturdy trees and sessile flowers.  They didn’t yet have roots. Luckily enough fungi were already soil  dwellers. Fungi are at least a billion years old. Recently a  multi-celled fossil of fungus named Ourasphaira giraldae found in the  Canadian Arctic was dated by researchers to be around 715 million years  old. Plants “learned” to have roots from these early fungi, depending on  the fungi to keep them plugged into nutrients and place for millions of  years before the two developed a converged evolution, creating  lignin-based woody roots that mutualistically paired with mycorrhizal  fungal systems. As forest ecology has developed, particularly  highlighted by the recent attention on the work of Suzanne Simard, we  increasingly see that it is the fungi that coordinate forests and  ecosystems, acting as connective tissue between beings and creating  delicately synchronized trophic waves of decaying matter, blooming  bacterial biomes, released minerals, and soil regeneration.  


Fungi  are the original angels. Angel in its oldest root of the word:  messenger from the Hebrew mal'akh and Old English aerendgast. Root  messengers. Weavers. Communicators. They sew soil to plants, trees to  trees. They hold ecosystems together like conversations, making sure  each questioning chemical threads into its vegetal receptor. Like angels  are said to courier messages from a higher realm, fungi connect us into  messages from an even older pre-human paradise: the mythic underworld. 


As  I write and attempt to revitalize the myths that underpin human  exceptionalism and capitalist patriarchy, I always try to tap into the  root/rhizomatic realm that predates anthropocentric narratives. I was  initially inspired by the investigations of French philosophers Deleuze  and Gauttari into rhizomes as non-hierarchical systems of thought with  multiple doors of entry. The rhizome dissolves linearity and shows, like  the idea of horizontal gene transfer, evolution is not a linear  progression. Evolution is a transversal, intimate collaboration. Deleuze  writes, “The self is only a threshold, a door, a becoming between two  multiplicities”. But Deleuze and Gauttari were thinking with botanical  rhizomes, not mycelial systems. And their insistence on the  “arborescent” realm of dualistic, terminal thought patterns as mirrored  by tree branches shows the limits of this line of thinking. There is no  such thing as a disembodied tree crown. Where is the trunk? No tree  branches, terminal or not, exist without their root brain tucked into  soil and slipped into the teeming plurality of a forest wide mycorrhizal  consciousness. Instead let me offer that every tree branch eventually  falls to nourish the saprophytic (dead material eating) fungi on the  forest floor. These fungi liberate the minerals and nutrients that  nourish future root systems and future trees. There is no rhizomatic  thinking without arborescent thinking. There is only cyclical thinking;  and root thinking, acknowledging its deep-time origins, is mycelial  thinking.  


I want to offer that mushrooms– mycelium – are an  interesting way to think through mythology. In my work rewilding the  myths of the masculine, I have come to the conclusion that you can only  understand a myth in its particular ecosystem. Just like mushrooms are  the fruiting bodies of underground mycelial systems, so are myths the  particular above-ground mushrooms of a specific ecology. We can think of  mythologems and mythic figures as being like the giant (perhaps  7,000-year-old) honey fungus in Oregon. It stretches for miles  underground and fruits up as mushrooms that superficially look like  individuals. The cattle cults that spread across the Mediterranean  during the Bronze Age are like the honey fungus. Orpheus and the Orphic  hymns are now treated more as a title than a specific mythic figure.  Lyric prophets stepped into the role of Orpheus. Likewise, scholar Adam  Nicolson has shown that Homer was not so much a person but an oral  tradition and a collaborative experience of an entire culture. A version  of the Odyssey “fruited” above ground every time a new storyteller  performed the myth. Perhaps my favorite example is Dionysus. Dionysus  always appears without warning, throwing cities into disorder, and,  although archeological evidence shows he is one of the oldest  pre-Olympic gods, he is always personified as a “stranger” or “new”. He  “fruits” up across the Mediterranean, in different cities, often looking  different, offering a variety of fermented beverages as suited to the  different ecologies. But the real Dionysus is the mycorrhizal system of  vegetal gods underground, weaving a net that is ready to pop up and  proliferate wherever nature-based, ecstatic wisdom is needed.  I have  been thinking of textual myths as “fruiting bodies”. And when you have a  fruiting body, you must ask where its roots are located? What is its  mythic mycelium? 


Nowhere is this better demonstrated than in the  disaster of Jesus or Rabbi Yeshua as he would have been known. The  illiterate, nature-based magician storyteller is deracinated from the  ecology of Galilee. His body literally disappears, and unlike the  vegetal gods of Osiris and Dionysus before him, his body does not go  back to the forest floor to nourish the fungi and complete the virtuous  cycle. He is deracinated. When his teachings are translated into Koine  Greek, the very language of his executioners, his nature-based parables  no longer make any sense. When Jesus said the mustard seed was like the  kingdom he was referring to the most pernicious and least favorite weed  of Galilean farmers. He was saying, to his farmer friends, “The Kingdom  is like an invasive weed that you have a very difficult relationship to.  And it’s already here. It’s in your fields.” Most of Jesus’ teachings  were intimately rooted in Galilean and Judean ecology. But we lose the  nuance when we “translate” him away from his actual body and his actual  environment. No wonder his teachings have been so easily perverted into  simplistic dogma.


 Just like Fungi taught plants how to root into  the soil, so do myths teach us how to root into relation with our  ecological and social ecosystems. They seek to express ultimate truths  with personified elementals. They narrativize a deep understanding of  our connection to more-than-human time scales. As poet Robert Bringhurst  points out, myth is very like science: “Myth is often misconstrued as  something…threatening to science… Myth is, actually, however, an  alternative kind of science. It aims, like science, at perceiving and  expressing ultimate truths. But the hypotheses of myths are framed as  stories not equations.” He explains that a scientist quantifies reality  while a myth teller personifies it. 


But we are in a strange time  when most of our myths are deracinated. We think we have “myths” but  they are really like uprooted houseplants, cut off from soil, from  relational context, from mycorrhizal nourishment, and most importantly  they are cut off from the virtuous cycle of decay so that they can melt  underground then “refruit” as something freshly adapted to our current  environmental conditions and social circumstances. Bringhurst explains,  “Because mythologies and sciences alike aspire to be true, they are  perpetually under revision. Both lapse into dogma when this revision  stops.” For me, revision is decay. It is the acknowledgement that most  of the work happens under the ground. Dionysus understands that he must  be a different mushroom in Crete than he will be in Thrace. Myths must  have root systems they can sink back into, to revitalize the soil, and  to reemerge with the particular magic suited for this age of ecological  chaos and societal collapse. 


Excerpted from the forthcoming book  'The Flowering Wand: Lunar Kings, Lichenized Lovers, Transpecies  Magicians, and Rhizomatic Harpists Heal the Masculine' by Sophie Strand, coming out with Sacred Planet Books (Inner Traditions).



Further Reading: The  Origin and Early Evolution of Roots by Paul Kenrick and Christine  Strullu-Derrien in Plant Physiology Journal, Entangled Life by Merlin  Sheldrake, Mycelium Running by Paul Stamets, Coevolution of roots and  mycorrhizas of land plants by Mark C. Brundrett published by New  Phytologist Foundation, Why Homer Matters by Adam Nicolson, the essay  “The Meaning of Mythology” by Robert Bringhurst in Everywhere Being is  Dancing, A Thousand Plateaus by Deleuze and Gauttari. 