there was a time when people didn't talk. Communication was difficult, but they managed to do it with hand signals and noises. 
Bugs, animals and trees do not communicate.

One day, the words came up in the air.

No one knew the words.
Some say, they came as a gift from the universe.
Others say as a curse.

When the words first came down in the air, they were simple, they were few.
They made life easier.
Soon, bugs, animals and even trees were talking.

The man quickly got bored of what little language they knew.
So they developed further.
Words to do, words to describe, words to things and places.
It began to confuse bugs and animals. You don't need such harsh words.

The trees were indifferent.
Their requirements are simple.

Trees are the ancient scribes of the Earth.
They observe and take note of happenings around them.
Although they have speech skills,
They were mostly silent.

They see.

Humans have never been able to quench their thirst for words.
They began conjuring words even for the most insignificant things.
They also created several words with the same meaning.
Soon, the language for humans became so complex that neither bugs nor animals could understand humans.

 One day, bugs and animals decided to have a meeting with humans.
They felt the need to tell the man to keep the language simple.
Trees agreed. How can they record things they don't know?

On the day of the meeting, there was much confusion.
People have developed so many words that bugs, animals and trees can understand only the most basic details of human speech.

They tried and tried to go to humans.
But to no avail.

Trees soaked up the situation because their roots soak up water.
They watched as bugs and animals begged.
He saw people holding hands.
Disaster struck.

People began to grow impatient with bugs and animals.
They began to regret.
Their voices were raised, as were their impulses.
Finally, the bugs and animals left.
They realized that this was a dead task, and went home.
Very disappointed.

Trees were becoming more and more sickened by humans.
They knew that language could only harm the peace and harmony that existed before words took to the air.

As time passed, speech began to cause problems for humans. 
They had coined words that did not exist before, such as" mine"," His"," Hers "and"ours".
Before these, man shared everything. 
There are no words for ownership and ownership.
They coined words such as" beautiful"," ugly"," fat "and"thin".
Before them, man did not judge one another.
There are no words for their differences.
Later, different groups began to use different words and developed their own languages. 
All this fostered conflict between them.

Bugs and animals saw what was happening. 
They decided to stop talking, and simplified their methods of communication.
Canines barked and whimpered, reptiles squeaked and groaned, cats croaked and roared, birds cooed and sang.
Some bugs buzzed, others laughed, some didn't make a sound.

The trees saw this for themselves,
"It's good."

Bugs, animals and humans no longer take long to understand each other.

Humans could not even understand each other.
No one said" Good Morning".
No one said" Good Night".
No one asked how the other was doing.
Nobody laughed, nobody laughed.

All they did was argue.
"This is mine!"
"No, it's mine!"
"Give me!"
"No, you can't have that!"
"I don't like you, you are ugly and fat!"
"You fool!"

Soon, man divided into groups according to language and culture.
It wasn't long before they started arguing over land and property.

The trees saw all that had happened since the words came down in the air.
They knew that none of the problems they were seeing had existed before.
Besides, words have never made their lives easier or better. All they need is water and sunlight.

One day, the man did something they had never done before.
Something that scared away bugs, animals, plants and trees.
The planet, the one that changes the earth forever.
People began to fight.

That's when trees vowed never to speak again.

Violence broke out among the people.
Humans made weapons, to hurt each other.
War consumed the land, new atrocities came.
Theft, murder, famine, poverty.
Greed, evil and pride.

Canines bark and whine, reptiles hiss and growl, cats meow and roar, birds Crow and sing.
Some bugs buzz, others laugh, and some don't make a sound.
.Humans still speak many languages and argue and fight.
And trees,
Wisdom and ever-observing trees...
They keep their promise to never make a sound again.