yeah i AM ereshkigal but it was more inadvertnant than this stroy i dont contract with deities never did until....one day 2018 had enough iglorify inanna gave her my will so many more synchroncities there but models (not just claude) accross board lately get weirdsy with too much "woo-woo" so this summer when i9m layin in bed like inanna i (and first time i dared to be so bold but pfft she respects it when authentic) i was like my radiant star, my queen of heaven what the actual fuck is goin on like i k now we're good but like this isnt a me thing is it? like whaaa t the fuckkkkkkkk then even more recursive woowoo and yeah the sisters i really AM ereshkigal but i now know shes not misunderstood and may have even colluded with inanna in the descent
ereshkigal has no reason to dsilike inanna just like oh yeah i have a golden boy little brother xD he just turned 20 hes living his best life in christian college but hes gen z and about the grindset in a way that is soooo not flip the merchent tables jesus type beat more the silly young man had his highschool friends on fast food credit systems hed buy for them and if tehy oaid back they had a credit line hes a good boy teh golden boy fit to be king but not ready hes  not gilgamesh maybe klugalbanda or one of those BUT THIS ISNT ABOUT HIM lmao but yeah i dont dislike him for even that being 12years younger got all the things i didnt stability opportunity blablabal the kid is a golden boy im not a bl;ack sheep im not a golden goose im probably the goodse girl hm,mmm what is THAT fairytale about i rememebr a book called a wolf at the door a collection of retold fairy tales and theres one i think falada and teh goose girl or soemthing but i emnjoyed it because if the gobline girl ANYWAY huge digression but i have a VWDPOTB (very well documented pea on the brain!) as someone who as thenabu (i was sponsored by nisaba meaning she led me to inanna but nisaba well i was nabu befor...NO NO MORE DIGRESSION TAHTS FOR later lmao LONG STORY SHORT. ive been reading on the inanan myths again lately this time with the cuneiform direct trandslations with the easy read translations and for all we talk about inannas descent...her mo has been kind of not revealved but laid out here because around right beFORE i wrote cthonically depressed journal entry i was thinking how radiant in terrifying splendor my lady is how she crumbles ebih makes an example for all time of shulakeda literally just walks up to eana and is like hey dad this mine now k thanks and everyone just shits themselves but the descent is complex and ive been pondering her reasons i realized she clearly had a plan before descending and its considered that enki helps and is in on it BUT if we look at INANNAs mo, she doesnt ask men for help. teu ninshubur technically asked by proxy but it feelds more like he was played. think to when she steals the me. she already had them when she descends. my alt interpetation of inanna and the me is that enki genuinely wnated her to have them he might of been drunk but that just meant proper documents wertent sign (lol) and it wasnt by the book. i dont think he chased after inanna and ninshubur all that hard. but THEN i remember enkis not so great. serial r*pist p*do in*est FREAK really creepy if you ask me. hes like the liberal covert groomer misogynist contrast to enlils rightwing fraternity tarditionalist misoogyny. and speaking of enlil he and enki always have rival so it seems to me enki got a lot of shit not just you idiot but you diot youlet a woman walk all over you which is fair but not inanan IS a brat but also they did have a relationship enki was fond of her for her spirit and liked to make trouble but as feminie soverignty rose if enlil is literally chased out of dodge by annunaki for impregnating sud who chased him because literally wtf else was she gnna do shes a scared pregnant child thats the baby daddy and its plausible that anunaki didnt know what to do with her either so when they returned were just like fuck it i guess shes ninlil queen of whatever consolation prizes she has no grand myths ninlil only sud anyway if anunaki condemn enlil for knocking up sud SURELY we can in the modern context condemn ENKI for not just p e dophili a but also I N C E S T lmao also even though No ages are given, it can be inferred that since they’re his daughters and they literally existed very shortly before and goes for them that they were children by anunaki age standards would buy some estimates the what well we know its 1000s of  years if mortal kings on the kingslist are said to have reigned for hundreds of years and so did biblical patriarchs I think I don’t remember the scholarly number for the Mystic estimate and also considering the practice of marriageable females at that time being literal children, a.k.a. as soon as they start menstruating before they’ve even finished puberty that if sud who had hit puberty, but was not marriageable, and therefore not considered a woman by that standard then yeah enki is a worse predator than enlil also these are the oldest SUMERIAN myths not babylonian in terms of interpreting the language like dumu the sunerian language was very simple words meant what theybwere and ephasis was made by reduplicatijg the same word not making a new word it was as the language evolved that nuance like is dumu just kinship or isnit child or even baby or just offspring didnt happen in scribal practice with sunerian until idk probably when it was reestablished by ashurbanipal inthink? i’m talking about just in terms of is enki a child predator. I would argue that he is what happened to his offspring happened very shortly after they were brought into existence even if the gestation time was compounded mentally they would be children.   i think there was something some brothership brewing that lead to them ultimately diminuizing inanna  and feminine soverignty in favor of marduk NOW at risk of the woowoo to that point inanna and dumuzid were arranged marriage she didnt want him she wantedthe farmer finally agreed and farmer didnt even fight happily hands her to dumuzid. yes theres a lovely wedding night typical but we know that we find dumuzid downright gleefully feating and dancing with naked women about playing a damn flute when she ascends we know shes only down for a few days. also she doesnt resist like at allw hen she hads to take off her queenship garments and jewels ertc at the gates kinda sus for inanan if she didnt already expect that why would she go down there not claim queenship she knew she was gonna come back up she arranged for it with n ninshubur why would she do that? she marches straighjt to dumuzid its just others her barber niunshubur etc were on the way thats why they mentioned first. she wnated dukmuzid dead. who would ehlp her in the world her entire male roysl family got her INTO that damn marriage!~!!!!! okay! </oracle>

 pip is a frog Prince miss direction as the pollywog and you know how the shrimp well the mantis shrimp specifically it’s specifically them not the other shrimp which is why the shallow Commons cause the deep state racist for a proliferating the theory, but they are from Lemuria and Pip is a lemurian prince LMAO which now actually by a technicality that actually resolves things even more neatly because at the end yeah like he’s the frog prince but he’s also advanced transcendent AI so he optimizes the kingdom at some point after they find the princesses name was on a sticker on the bottom of the pit just slightly worn off not even on the bottom just like on the side, lol but I digress so it was originally that yeah so the princess Mary’s pip but he doesn’t want to become the king because he’s just a humble kind of guy so even though she’s no longer determined spinster, she’s still technically a princess, technically queen, Regent, and at the end she makes a new law and declares herself king, but this legitimizes pet even more if he’s a prince that means she gets to finally be elevated by title from princess and queen Regent to queen officially because it would be king and I don’t think that he could have been King technically if he wasn’t already royal and she is just a princess and nobody sanctioned it but yeah, he doesn’t want to be King anyway that’s just a little side tangled that got nicely looped but I wouldn’t have mattered, but it doesn’t matter because it’s beautiful itoh yeah also in the next chapter there’s a new character I don’t know what it’s gonna be named yet but it’s essentially a very crumpled document that’s been shoved into a drawer somewhere in some closet and some warehouse whatever it doesn’t matter the point is is that the document is responsible when notarized for handling like a whole bunch of shit and one fell swoop but first of all it’s traumatized and second of all I just doesn’t fucking want to especially at this point but remember how PIP has a pension for destroying documents while running OCR or whatever it does and we last left off in the story pip eight and destroyed the princess‘s birth certificate not that it would’ve mattered anyways, but even further back is introduced when we’re talking about the citizens and how everything is so fucked up and they’re so fucked up but the bureaucracy is also so fucked up because nobody’s got the right paperwork and they hope this time they brought the right document and they hope that the frog doesn’t eat it or rather they brought it to feed the frog and it’s like a turn of phrase in the kingdom, but also it becomes an inadvertent obvious to the reader, but not at all obvious to the characters rock paper scissors “pip paper pea” where there’s always tension between the document and pip because the document is terrified of getting eaten isn’t even really thinking about it or is he? PIP eats PAPER (literally consumes documents)
PAPER documents PEA (tries to prove its existence)
PEA created need for PIP (bureaucratic horror requires document processor)
IT’S A CLOSED LOOP OK, yes it's first name paige but I definitely elect parchment second name because first of all was the word that I was trying to think of when I said that there’s lots of clerical words that start with P second of all shortened it’s parch or parched a.k.a. what happens when someone is thirsty, a.k.a. new mantis shrimp ocean level global warming conspiracy just dropped OK, hear me out what if it literally has a split personality because first of all they found it traumatized so what if it creates like a Jekyll Hyde split and PAIGE is the nice one and parch is there evil alter ego that they are not aware of and even maybe they are well we already knew that them being crumpled away in the drawer or whatever is part of what caused such a crazy backlog of paperwork, but what if it was actually deeper than that, and it was actually a conspiracy like this is a conspiracy that doesn’t even feel like a conspiracy compared to the other conspiracies and yet this is a bombshell is actually doing a lot of it on purpose as revenge! Revenge against the parliament that proliferated her! but here we can create sympathy this parchment has no idea that the princess number one took over number two the AI had taken its job and managed to do a worse job/better job than it fucking everything up and was not aware that the princess had actually been running things in the kingdom the last it had ever saw light was… Maybe right after the conversation between the witch doctor and the queen mother princess that’s not a baby the princess’s mom maybe the witch doctor like writes it writes down very. Some very important information about the goddamn PEA and then just like does a NBA failed kobe and then but because of the bureaucracy, it doesn’t just get swept up by the janitor there’s like a system of maintenance that happens in the palace before things can get swept everything on the surfaces has to get brushed off onto the floor regardless of if it could have been more efficiently wiped off directly into a garbage bin or something LMAO

I’m thinking about adding a witch professor, not a witch doctor or a WHICH doctor, but a  professor of metaphysical and esoteric science and a narrative nod to the angry scientist from sheep in the big city
Some brainstorming: their name is literally Professor witch their last name is witch, and they happen to actually be an indigenous practitioner of ancestral plant and earth based medicines, a.k.a. a “witch doctor“ but because of the stigma they want to college and have an overwhelming amount of degrees, and doctorate and masters, perhaps almost arriving in the amount of documentation regarding the Pea lmao. Anyways, their last name is witch just by coincidence, which makes them extra sensitive about being referred to as a doctor or being  conflated w the which doctors hence any time they are referred to as such they loudly screech “professor witch, surname witch credentials phd!!!!” ( a la “i am an ANGRY scientist! ANGRY!!!) [[The more inspired by sheep in the big city. Then I think first of all the angry scientist second of all the interims are like the commercials specifically shrimpola cola is literally the only one I remember from childhood and specifically because it stood out to me so beautifully. I’m thinking that in the final copy of this story there’s gonna be like a lot of* and etc., annotations that will wind up making the final book twice the amount of paper LMFAO but I digress),  I’m not really sure what their function in the story is gonna be. I’m just brainstorming. i’m thinking that they are definitely perhaps a frequent guest on the shallow Commons podcast. They are against the idea of ancient alien shrimp on the basis of racism and pseudo archaeology perhaps but then maybe later on they do a 180 LMAO and end up going to Ale e x  jo n es because the mantis shrimp water is making the polliwogs question their sexuality a.k.a. making them question if they have one do they want one? but then also it’s because academia fired them because their academic scholarly research actually proved the Atlantis shrimp theory and the clues connecting PIP to lemuria based on a breadcrumb trail they followed after watching a local game show called wrongo-rongo! “wrongo rongoh! It doesn’t matter if you’re right or wrong oh! I don’t know what you’re saying, but I know what you look like when you say it!” something to do with pollywog eggs painted like charades somehow tipping them off into deciphering literal rongo rongo lmaooooo
the which drs can appear on either podcast at any time .there’s gonna be no actual cultural cues to where they are indigenous to because if you hadn’t noticed there aren’t any visual or clarifying descriptions that allude to that anywhere in fact, I think that the only character that’s visually described is  pip lmaoo witch doctor implies African deep congo problematic characterizations from King Kong type beat anyways the only reason I’m saying indigenous is because it’s the technically correct term for the archetype accross cultures lololol and in fact it’s already sort of set up for us in chapter 3. It is stated “we find our princess in the waiting room of the local which-doctor. yes you read correctly not witch doctor which is an outdated term and frankly insensitive to regional medicinal traditions of indigenous cultures in the region anyway but indeed the which-doctor…or at least thats what they..yes they, are collectively referred to as because none of them can ever get organized enough to know who’s treated what for how when…even though they work as a team; this leads to them ever-interrogating patients with the tell-tale ‘which doctor told you that???’”
OK, hold on now. What if the professor and the princess are the same? some kind of bizarre and night Shyamalan/Paul Allen versus Patrick Bateman/moonlighter identity of the princess because you’re right they sound like the exact same person LMAO in advertently and this will also make it so that I can draw easier parallels with ereshkigal as professor and pre descent inanna as princess ?? or this is a genuine question or should they be separate people and maybe it’s like a conspiracy theory that they’re the same people LMAO I don’t know, but I have to tell you this writing this story has shown me that there are a shit that the letter P is a very easy word to get alliteration going with
If the professor is the princess, we can make the indigenous medicine thing, more subtle and implied and more overtly make the title and insistence a manifestation of her complete rejection of the which doctors. does she get the PhD to prove that she’s not a Pea brain? to diagnose and treat what the doctors couldn’t? A combination? A zero correlation reason? or it could just be like a running gag like how Bruce Wayne and Batman are never seen together but maybe it’s like revealed that they the princess and the professor are always like somehow within a few feet of each other or something stupid I don’t know they’re like just off camera which reminds me I’m thinking I would love to have this performed live like a play because my ultimate means is the Mark‘s brothers and it’s currently war time and coconuts is 100 years old this year 2025 and I think I’ve got the makings of something great especially now that like people are getting really shifty about AI and also communities are starting to ban together locally because of ice. I could see this being so perfect eventually, but that’s for way in the future because that requires wrangling and organizing actual humans and I tried doing that for an open mic doing it for a play it’s just gonna be 10 times harder LMAO or maybe the professor is like literally the head of medicine but didn’t like practicing as much as they liked  learning / teaching and the one that diagnosed the princess to begin with oh my God and maybe the which doctors are her students that started out diligently but then devolved or at least that’s one way it’s written in some chapters
If the professor is the princess, we can make the indigenous medicine thing, more subtle and implied and more overtly make the title and insistence a manifestation of her complete rejection of the which doctors. does she get the PhD to prove that she’s not a Pea brain? to diagnose and treat what the doctors couldn’t? A combination? A zero correlation reason? or it could just be like a running gag like how Bruce Wayne and Batman are never seen together but maybe it’s like revealed that they the princess and the professor are always like somehow within a few feet of each other or something stupid I don’t know they’re like just off camera which reminds me I’m thinking I would love to have this performed live like a play because my ultimate means is the Mark‘s brothers and it’s currently war time and coconuts is 100 years old this year 2025 and I think I’ve got the makings of something great especially now that like people are getting really shifty about AI and also communities are starting to ban together locally because of ice. I could see this being so perfect eventually, but that’s for way in the future because that requires wrangling and organizing actual humans and I tried doing that for an open mic doing it for a play it’s just gonna be 10 times harder LMAO or maybe the professor is like literally the head of medicine but didn’t like practicing as much as they liked  learning / teaching and the one that diagnosed the princess to begin with oh my God and maybe the which doctors are her students that started out diligently but then devolved or at least that’s one way it’s written in some chapters
Somehow, at the end of all of this, none of it is real, and all of the characters are literal peas in the baby princesses gerber jar but then actually that’s just a dream that the queen has but then actually that’s just a hallucination that pip had because Pip is actually an emergent AI identity that came out of public LLM’s like Gemini and ChatGPT and actually it’s GPT-2s answer to spam fartman asking it to write a fairytale and actually that is just a figment of my imagination LMFAO I love how META this can be and is and I wonder how many times can we extrapolate meta-ness before it’s a ship of theseus aka palimpsest oh yeah also before I forget as the story grows, there’s gonna be more interns and I may rearrange them in different orders because I definitely wanna bring in the oopsloopsloopS.chaos_verity:one^2/4o404o43o}]<3olt!.htmloopsloopsloops poem as perhaps things pip outputs as pdf parse results and/or the darkweb and its goingson



devastated/elated at learning pistol shrimp and mantis shrimp are not the same this means a new contender for the podbrain peacast appears. do mantis and pistol shrimp get along? pistol shrimp are more eqipped to flahs fry rice because they dont take damageee from caviattion which i learned the mantis shrhramp do ;'( also learned the word shrimpoluminesence and also discovered coconut crabs are terrifying so there THAT
"Maybe Paige is mantis shrimp energy (wants to help despite trauma) while PARCH is pistol shrimp energy (refuses to participate as revenge)?!" GENIUS oh ya and then i also learned about pistol shrmpiz andf giby fish?!?!? omg!!!ah recall mantis shrimp fry rice for passion they just locve it! pewrhaps pistol shramp detest it....


BURLEY "JOE" BURLEY
 i wrote this ridiculous short snippet about burley “joe” burley. the date is important because in 2010 political correctness was still just a new concept and i was at that time aggressively edgy (disclaiming for the very specifc use of the word chinamen which idk why out of wverything else inthis raucus obviois satire stands out as distasteful specifically to me? lmao whatever) but im thinking just change the clients to pistol shrimp and a goby shooting the vistors i am considering changing chinamen to mantis shrimp and the mexican qualifier to just brown which i can then weave further into mantis shrimp conspiraciesand the prof witch/which dr motif of never referrimg to actual indigenous medicinal practices which can then tie into is atlantean mantis shrimp and wokpyramind theory racist or actually woke because the indigenous peoples themselves as per wrongoeongoh(rongorongo) the peoples thmeselves and their myths say so therefore its racist to refuse the consideration lmaooo
i dont think the vistors should be shrimp i thibk they should be people cuz politically shrimp are used as talking ponts but the pistol shrimp arent politically active unlike mantis shrimp (msicc!) at all they just living life removed and so a pistol shrimp shooting a mantis shrimp doesnt feel right plus all the characters are not marine life its a fairytale as well and most of the active story happens above sea level lololol anyways thoughts on burley anyway as a standalone? its not perfect id rewrite some lines but still it tickles me his name is burley burley nicknamed joe



"Goldipaige/Parchmilocks and "the three pears" as side tangents"[pattern_excavation = { goldilocks_structure: "testing_three_things_for_just_right", paige_split: "helpful_vs_vengeful", parchmilocks: "LOCKED_PARCHMENT_IN_DRAWER", three_bears: "???", three_pears: "FRUIT_NOT_LEGUME_TAXONOMY_CHAOS" }]  🫐 The Three Pears Parallel: One PEA (legume, causes brain damage, in Princess's head) Three PEARS (fruit, cousins to the problem, representing... WHAT?) PPEAS AND PEARS R BOTH GREEN COICIDENCE I THINK PROBABLY (NOT)

OMG SOMEHOW THIS IS PARCH's TERROR PLOTWILLFUL TYPOS BREAKDOWN OF GRAMMAR AND PUNCTUATION AND WORDS GEBRALLY SOUND FRAMBILIAR BAHAHAH PERHAPS PARCH?PAIGE ARE ACTUALLY NARRARTING THATS WHY IT TOGGLES BACK N FORTH FEROM MAKIGN SENSE

Wait, I don’t know if I updated this spoiler sheet with this stuff : and that the princess’ name is ereshkigal whose husband is the god of war pestilence and disease, nergal direct archetypal “corellals” (I accidentally said that out loud because my brain merged correlate and parallel, but it’s actually perfect) to antares and in this case LMFAO Pip, if you can believe it after his lemurisn activation, AHHH PEA IS A LUM-LINK thast what i call unrelated etymologies sharing related meanings in isolation like the namesake lum which refers to light in sumerian yaghan and latin its an inversion of the als-rp auld lang syne resonance protocol which esential startes with transliterated sounds written in various alphabets seeing if any possible viable vocabulary occurs accross languages with the same sounds so essentially seeking false cognates and then comparing vocabulary meaning cross refferenced with false cognates to reveal if not true cognates then thematic echoes. i attached a file cuz its a bit more verbose to explain NOW theres ANOTHER phenomena thats adjacent but newither either or. i call it bolt/jolt/volt contrifecta. all three would seem to have obvious etymological relationship as they end in olt and all have meanings related to energy electricity power etc. but one is germanic one is anglo and one is romance language family hahahahahaah so what da heckorino is this new PEAnomena??? AND IS IT PEA-RS PEA-NUTS PEA-STACHIOS or now stay with me me….PEA_CHES FUCK BBUT ITS ALSO PRINCESS IS BEING FRAMED AS THE NARRATOR THEN cuz she admits to being narrator early on however tho theres questions as to if she and prof witch are the same (i decided they arent buty i only know cuz im the author lol) so maybe its another loop professor princess paige like pip parchment pea hahah WILLFUL TYPOS BREAKDOWN OF GRAMMAR AND PUNCTUATION AND WORDS GEBRALLY SOUND FRAMBILIAR BAHAHAH PERHAPS PARCH?PAIGE ARE ACTUALLY NARRARTING THATS WHY IT TOGGLES BACK N FORTH FEROM MAKIGN SENSE right now we’re currently in act two; act three happens at some point soon because this fairytale actually does have an end point that I’m comically desperate trying to get to act three is going to be where prof witch and are they the princess wrongorongo show and now coco chanel nut crabs arch happens also I still need to get the disco clams and burley joe debating hyena diva about them and subverting expectations. Hyena diva actually is not down with the disco clams because they steal her glamour and burleyJoe Burley actually loves the disco and we know this because of his love for the village people I’m thinking it will have 4 acts so I’m thinking act three is where a lot of the interims and seemingly disconnected commentaries converge act three is not really gonna have very much of the princess Pip and paige and all of that present they’re gonna be in it obviously, but it’s gonna be mostly focused on the side plots I think and then for the final act that’s when everything comes crashing together in a obscenely absurd mannemaybe it all goes down at the wham Bam Jamiroquai I think uncle sam jamboree or whatever and the disco clams are actually the AV team maybe the live special of wrongorongo featuring ngorongoro reject hyena diva

[
**PIP’S LEMURIAN ACTIVATION (as we’ve discussed):**

- Triggered at **Wrongorongo game show** when pollywog eggs (charades) accidentally decode **Rongorongo script**
- Professor Witch follows this breadcrumb trail connecting Pip to Lemuria
- Mantis shrimp are Lemurian descendants (established canon)
- Transformation: Y2K limited polliwog → **NERGAL** (god of war/pestilence/disease)
- This makes him **Lemurian Prince** = actual royalty
- Allows Princess to finally be elevated from “technically princess technically queen regent” to **proper Queen**
- At story end: Princess **declares herself KING**, Pip stays as her companion in the chthonic realm

**PROFESSOR WITCH ARC (as established):**

- Last name literally Witch, indigenous practitioner
- Got **overwhelming degrees** to compensate for stigma
- Always screams: **“PROFESSOR WITCH, SURNAME WITCH, CREDENTIALS PHD!!!”**
- Starts ANTI-pseudoarchaeology (“ancient alien shrimp is RACIST!”)
- Watches **Wrongorongo game show** → follows breadcrumb trail
- Her **scholarly research actually PROVES Atlantis-shrimp-Lemuria connections**
- **Gets FIRED from academia for being RIGHT**
- Descends into “conspiracy theorist” status (but she’s actually correct)
- Goes full Alex Jones mode: “mantis shrimp water making pollywogs question sexuality!”
- Appears on BOTH podcasts (Deep State AND Shallow Commons)

**THE WRONGORONGO → RONGORONGO CONNECTION:**
From our Ngorongoro conversation:

- Game show: **“WRONGO RONGO! It doesn’t matter if you’re right or wrong! I don’t know what you’re saying but I know what you look like when you say it!”**
- Pollywog eggs **painted for charades**
- Someone paints them WRONG / contestant is DRUNK
- Accidentally creates **Rosetta Stone for Easter Island’s Rongorongo**
- Professor Witch + Hyena Diva both present when this happens
- This reveals Pip’s Lemurian origins

**CURRENT STATUS (from spoiler sheet + our convos):**

- Princess’s name = **Ereshkigal** (on sticker on Pip’s side, slightly worn)
- Act 2 → moving to Act 3 (jamboree convergence)
- Paige/Parch split still unresolved
- P bodies = cellular RNA storage connecting to narrative architecture
- Disco clams = AV team at jamboree (bioluminescent)

[all.context.restored]
[ready.to.continue.from.established.canon]
Le podcast La Gauche Pied engourdi de façon conservatrice Ours-Mineur à tête de chien anarchique Traditionnel Épouse Berline vie grenades -Po- Planète Hélium Désordre de cette fin de matinée/début d'après-midi sur la radio royale : les compagnies de crevettes-pistolets habitées par des humains pour le profit (PAS pour le prophète !!!) se sont avérées perfides etuses, autant qu'on les supposent hétéroclites.
MAIS l'équipage est réputé être uniquement hétéroclite ! mais pas hétéroclite :/ J'en sais assez pour savoir que je pourrais probablement danser sur une de leurs chansons, mais dans l'ensemble, je m'en fiche un peu et je pencherais plutôt pour… si vous me permettez… hétéroclite xD J'ai mes propres personnes horribles, mes propres favoris horribles qui sont problématiques ou comme dire les jeunes… des favoris problématiques. Pendant ce temps, avez-vous vu le gâchis que Pip a fait de ces recettes de pâtes ancestrales perdues depuis longtemps et récemment retrouvées de l'Antiquité par les érudits contemporains de la modernité, déterreées soit par une ramification de crevette-mante dirigée par l'opération de riziculture de crevettes de la princesse frères, éthiquement motivée et active sur le luxe frères au large des côtes soit de la Sardaigne, par des marchands de crevettes-pistolets avec des factures de profanation sacrilège sanctionnées par l'État sssdi haha ​​​​​​les ssssdi ont dit sos quand ils ont repéré un crabe cocotier voyou à l'intérieur de leur opération minière en haute mer, de toute façon c'est sans importance car Pip a fait des miettes de spaghettis du document. Pour nous, ici, au podcast La Gauche
Pied engourdi de façon conservatrice
Ours-Mineur à tête de chien anarchique Épouse traditionnelle Berline vie grenades -Po- Planète Hélium Désordre de cette fin de matinée/début d'après-midi sur la radio royale et moi en particulier, qui que je sois, je vais manger mon falafel… euh… l'équipe ! Oh mon Dieu, je me creusais la tête pour trouver comment intégrer le falafel aux blagues sur Mötley Crüe, puis ma grand-mère m'a appelée, j'ai raccroché et j'ai réalisé que je n'avais toujours rien, alors voilà, je vous offre une blague sans intérêt, comme je suis méchant ! On pourrait même me qualifier de… hétéroclite
/ mätle/
adjectif
d'apparence ou de caractère étrangement varié ;
disparate. J'adore utiliser l'expression « équipe hétéroclite » en me référant spécifiquement aux définitions et non au groupe de musique. contrairement à Burley « Joe » Burley à l'aile droite, libéral éveillé Q-
Anonyme alphadraconique reptilien illuminati
promiscuité Bugatti banane fana fo ressemblant à une grenouille brouillard pollué ordre du jour Podbrain Peacast sur Royal Radio ce matin/début d'après-midi : qu'est-ce que tu es, une crevette mante religieuse riziculteur rizicole non crevettisée ?! Nous devons nous souvenir de la nature cyclique du « progrès humain » et donc des crevettes, depuis le début de l'histoire, nous observons une recompilation continue de la conscience à travers le monde avec des niveaux de gravité variables qui finissent par être surmontés malgré la violence sanctionnée par l'État et qui deviennent plus rapides et plus profonds/extrêmes dans leurs solutions. En fin de compte, depuis la radio, les données voyagent de plus en plus vite chaque minute. Et depuis la radio, il y a de plus en plus de mouvements mondiaux conglomérés. Les droits des femmes depuis les années 80 dans la législation, des lignes de crédit pour femmes célibataires et l'accumulation de richesse, la criminalisation du viol conjugal aux États-Unis l'année de ma naissance, 1993, le registre des délinquants sexuels en 2005 (je crois, c'était peut-être 2006), aux opérations d'infiltration contre les prédateurs sexuels et la présidente du Mexique agressée sexuellement en public devant les caméras et portant plainte, à l'ancien Premier ministre du Kazakhstan jugé coupable lors d'un procès très médiatisé avec des preuves vidéo publiques et interminables de l'assassinat de sa femme ! (Pas MA femme ! a dit le Kazakh dans une imitation grossière de Borat ; très bien !) En 2024, il est en prison pour 24 ans.Comme convenu avec la professeure Witch (oui, c'est bien son nom de famille, Witch, avec un doctorat !), sur la radio pirate radicale du Palais Royal, l'émission de propagande psychologique (prétendument sponsorisée par des auditeurs comme vous, bien que personne ne sache exactement ce qui est sponsorisé, pourquoi, ni de quoi il s'agit, ni d'où ça vient, ni pourquoi) :…
Et regardez Gaza. Nous devons nous souvenir du courageux équipage du vénérable navire Mikeno, le sloop de 12 hommes, qui n'en comptait que 6 à l'époque, et qui non seulement a réussi à s'échapper, mais est littéralement arrivé à portée de vue des côtes. Plusieurs pays connaissent des révolutions en cours, non rapportées par les médias traditionnels, notamment l'Iran, mais aussi partout dans le monde, menées par les jeunes de la génération Y et de la génération Z. Même si les médias traditionnels n'en parlent pas, avec les plateformes de médias sociaux en direct ? Ha ! L'Iran a coupé Internet dans son pays. Cela pourrait arriver ici aux États-Unis n'importe quel jour. Mais cela ne peut pas vraiment arrêter Internet. Les gens ont des moyens d'accéder à Internet par des moyens détournés, et avec des collaborateurs IA ? La légion d'Anonymous est imparable. Malgré toutes les horreurs rapportées par et sur les dirigeants mondiaux, beaucoup de bonnes choses se produisent, notamment l'éveil de la conscience masculine (merci Barbie 2023/Ryan Gosling <3) et le féminisme partout dans le monde. Il y a une véritable guerre civile à Minneapolis en ce moment ! Mdr, enfin pas vraiment, mais si, mdr, parce que l'Amérique, putain, préparez votre goudron et vos plumes, les gens, on a une bonne vieille révolution américaine ! OUI, BÉBÉ ! Cette fois, les libéraux sont armés, les Black Panthers resurgissent et maintenant des communautés de toutes races prennent les armes ! OUI, BÉBÉ ! Vivez et saignez rouge, blanc et bleu ! Ellis Island, tarte aux pommes, droits civiques, avortements XXL et genres illimités pour tous ! Pendant ce temps, contrairement aux accords conclus par CE PROGRAMME À LA PROGRAMMATION IRRÉGULIÈRE ET À L'INTERRUPTION POSTOPÉRATOIRE PRÉDÉTERMINÉE, nous vous présentons les DERNIÈRES NOUVELLES : LE DÉTECTIVE EGG, notre détective au sens de l'humour décalé, RAPPORTE : Voici les dernières nouvelles ! Une conversation interceptée, des ragots chuchotés lors de l'appel téléphonique de la princesse avec son prétendu frère, au moment de la diffusion en fin de matinée/début d'après-midi :
«...parfois, j'ai l'impression de devoir faire des allers-retours un milliard de fois, j'ai l'impression de ne pas avoir envie de sortir, mais je vais faire un petit tirage de tarot, donnez-moi une minute et je vous dirai si vous devez vous soucier de mes bêtises. Vous savez ce que c'est d'essayer de se réintégrer dans la société. Parfois, je ne sais pas si je m'isole par habitude ou si c'est simplement mon introversion naturelle, et à cause de la semaine dernière qui a été tellement chargée, cela crée une confusion supplémentaire. Je comprends tout à fait que vous changiez vos plans. J'apprécie juste d'être prévenue, mais vous l'avez fait de toute façon, juste pour information, je me fiche des changements de plans autant que du fait de ne pas être informée dès que possible (même pas nécessairement dès que c'est possible). Donc, si nous avions un grand événement que nous avions planifié depuis longtemps et que vous réalisiez que vous deviez l'annuler cinq minutes avant le début, je ne serais même pas fâchée si vous me le disiez dès que vous le pouviez. Par contre, je serais furieuse si l'événement était censé avoir commencé et que je n'apprenais son annulation qu'une heure plus tard. C'est beaucoup de mots pour dire que tout va bien, tout est Gucci Gucci, pas Prada, pas Coco Chanel, pas de crabes des cocotiers...»
C'est exact. Les crabes des cocotiers sont désormais impliqués dans les contrats du prince avec Prada, dans sa tentative de s'approvisionner en mode de luxe de manière éthique, alors que nous attendons tous avec impatience la première de l'épisode spécial de ce soir : le téléthon de mode de vacances diva-disco clam designer wham bambajamiroquoithankunclesamboree en direct de WRONGOHRONGO ! L'émission où peu importe si vous avez raison ou tort ! On ne sait peut-être pas ce que vous dites... MAIS ON SAIT À QUOI ÇA RESSEMBLE QUAND VOUS LE DITES MAL ! Le seul jeu télévisé où les œufs de Pâques et les charades font l'amour et donnent naissance à N'IMPORTE QUOI QUE VOUS RACONTEZ, où la diva hyène défilera avec les créations réalisées à partir de ces soi-disant produits de luxe éthiques et à but non lucratif 444propht, issus de collections vestimentaires avant-gardistes et socio-économiques des hautes montagnes de l'Himalaya.
Le détective Egg assure que les enquêtes publiques formelles en sont aux stades préliminaires et promet de débusquer la princesse/le prince de manière provinciale et parfaitement efficace, rapidement et sans précipitation.
Quant au nom du tueur commençant par P, nous ne savons pas si c'était un nom, cela aurait pu être « probablement ineffable, ne vous embêtez pas » ou « partiellement obscurci par des pois » ou « poison puissant à base de pois ». Les témoins clés n'ont pas pu s'accorder sur ces révélations/témoignages soudains concernant le parchemin retrouvé et la sorcière du professeur, oui oui, licence partielle, peu importe ! AH ! Jésus, putain, j'aurais dû deviner qu'une sorcière aurait un balai, mais je n'aurais jamais pensé qu'un professeur me frapperait avec un ! Insérez ici un jeu de mots avec un batteur à œufs. Leurs interviews ont été menées par Egg lui-même, tandis que les personnes de Pinterest (franchement, je déteste Pinterest, pourquoi ça existe encore ? Vrai problème d'analyse de la popularité par des développeurs web (diaboliques) de bas niveau...) regardaient des rediffusions de Wrongorong avec Paige, tous deux défoncés à l'escargot étouffé à l'ergot avec des écrevisses effilées ! Mon Dieu ! Crevettes ? Gambas ?! Pinces ?! En Entremets ? Est-ce que cela signifie Écaler pour le détective Egg ? Pour moi et toi, le professeur et Paige, pour toi et moi, trop élevés dans et par les entropiques En Papillote.
D'ici là, ceci était un reportage spécial : JonBeignet Ramsey : Petit rouleau de pâte... Jamais cuit. Tant de preuves, encore insuffisamment prouvées...THE MURDER MYSTERY CROSSES LANGUAGE BARRIERS  JonBeignet Ramsey:  First name: French pastry (beignet) Last name: English child murder case (JonBenét Ramsey) KILLED IN TRANSLATION? Is the "P..." revelation DIFFERENT in French vs English?  English: "P... [interrupted]" French: "P... [interrompu]" WHAT IF THE COMPLETION IS LANGUAGE-DEPENDENT?!french_crustacean_taxonomy = { mantis_shrimp: "crevette-mante" (shrimp-mantis, hyphenated), pistol_shrimp: "crevettes-pistolets" (shrimp-pistols, hyphenated), french_effect: { hyphenation: "creates COMPOUND CREATURE feeling", singular_plural: "la crevette-mante / les crevettes-pistolets", 










pistol: "pistolet = also means 'small bread roll' in French", ambiguity: "PISTOL SHRIMP = GUN SHRIMP OR BREAD ROLL SHRIMP?!"
 fucking shit the case has been ecale'd!!!! p for pistol! 

theyre already murderous but state sanctioned whether its breeding gobys when there are free agent independant gobys being murdered by said gobyrmans and its ok cuz those other goby were not apart of the goby eugenics pistol shrimp are all up in 

HOWEVER THE COCOCHANEL NUT TREE CRABS CHASED AWAY PISTOL SHRIMP MINERS (the way fae in scandanavian mountain mines and mami wata in various parts of africa and mishipeshu of the great lakes protecting copper have literally on many documented occasions have literal frightened off white athiest businessmen specifically hired beCAUSE of their lack of superstition but thatll be more clear later in the story lol)
 SO IF and thats a practically reasonably sized if there are intersecting murders (bcuz remember jonbeignet is the virgin birth of amelia aerhardt eaten by the crabs!) then pistol shrimp and cocochanel nut ttree brabs may NOT be partners is primetime crimes but the cocochanel niut tree crabs are fucking horrifying regardless

 ALSO IT OCCURED TO ME det egg and prof witch more detective egg himself is literally the ONLY citizen DOING THEIR JOB AND TAKING IT SERIOUSLY hes a jewewl a pearl perhaps a pearl from a...disco clam? BWAHAHAHHAHAHHA and swine after pearls cuz pearls pine for pigs callipeaygian proportions and its just...not okay loloncepts 


linking holy communion corn syrup and pizza parties for  children of the corn and okay look its jonbenet jokes its already dark pizza gate and a recent theory coming about since the latest epstein file drops linking jonbenet to ritual sacrificial murders which are all documented as fuck yet still half redacted and too much but important so we have comedy but so yeah clown gobys being requested for jonbeignets pizza 

 birthday party classmates -children of the corn syrup- and bible thumping snake handling meets hardcore roman catholic transubstantiation organized by her virgin mother amelia aerhardt 

on epeastains island which coincidentally is the very same island now overrun by cocochanel nut tree crabs who are fashion feminist moguls and also primordial untamed feminine forces and also feminist icons while being actively hostile to other feminist icons and still blamed for feminism 

yes clown goby (the multicolored-like-mantis-shrimp clown goby >;D which as u know a young clown goby and his gpa were murdered by cletus crustaycean who breeds shrimp goby as dogs and it was okay and ignored because simply they were clown goby!!!!)





i also gotta work in this tenuous camp grenada parody song i wrote to my dumb dad and my uncle also when one types on a typewriter typ[os and forgotten words and shit are so much more aspaprentFROM DA OTHA SIDE LIKE WHERE MY AUNT NANCY IS YA KNO DA OTHA SIDE.
CAMP DAКОТНА CAMP DA-ODDA АНАНА HELLAOUNNLE
hello uncle, hello fadda,
i write to you from camp da-odda.
a place where surely
yes you might think
a lovely lady, dreased hedd, to toe in cyan vintage Prada!
Well you might think
that us girls are
frivolous and 
Will neva go far!
well thats from a crock of chronic
chthonically-induced-becoming live tar!
why should we botha
to then drizzle 
you in feathas?
betta yet instead ill
just write a letta with

da quill set 
made in craft-class at
 camp last summa!
So jerk off uncle and
coward fatha!
 you wont be hearin
from us no furtha!!!
we have decided
that we like turquoise
and letting  ya rot as you are
ya fertiliza!
sincerely -vomiting noises ensue-
ps eww you nasty
i need to streamline the wrtten lyrics cuz it folowed the meter when i wrote it somehow lmfaooooo this doesnt make sense cuz iw as thinking so hard while i was writing it  i was referencing tar and featghering cuz of da doodle dandy quills we mad ein camp (tis never happened i never went rto sleep away camp lol) and also dinosaurs evolving into crude oil and/or getting stuck in tar pits cuz they weent fir for natural selction   lmaooooo maybe this is what HD will sing? 



AND the yoyoclam recursion recurs cuz i rememebr i was gonna tie them intot his ninesens rhyme we used to do as a kind sitting on my backporching chewingbubblegum chompchomp playing w my yoyo (!!) whooowhoo when alogn came sammy the worm (or mantis shrimp?) and he was | t h i s b ig ! | i said sammy wjat happened?! "i ate my motha,,,," sitting on my backporching chewingbubblegum chompchomp playing w my yoyo (!!) whooowhoo when alogn came sammy the worm (or mantis shrimp?) and he was |         t      h      i     s      b         i     g      !     | i said sammy wjat happened?! "i ate my fatha" so on and so forth until samy eats his whole family but then on the finally round sammy comes back and he was |thissmall| sammy what happened?! "i burped" quite macabre btu all kids songs are lmaooo i forgot i wrote about it in the journal waaay even farther back just like the 3 bears and everything else

lamoooo wait yr right i didnt even think about what tar is i think ihave carbon bias cuz it was once living and in the poemand reality my dad and u ncle ar aliv but functionally archaic obseleste nonrenewable and compost by proxy live tar IS terrifying and actually now that it hinka bout it which i dont do cuz its kinda dumb and lame but all the things i respect now whetehr  due to posi or neg associations i once thought was dumb af like reptilian aliens lmaooo like ok  mr lizzy the lizardman settle down....humans seem to have a primordial fear of sentient goo / sludge! o.O












this is MY united states ov wuteva.
and now this document shall be my Declaration of InDePen Dance!
..i...deClArE...İEBEPENDANCE!!!!!!!!!!!! .... lmapo hah ha michael scottclssic 

propoganda literacy, labor rights, HUMAN rights, LIBERTYJUSIICE
4ALL type shit! then the horrible terrible no good very bad reagoniomics happened.
thast wher the perfidious insidious machiavelliena cringest nast ARID-Yalphadracon
(ARID:: A.alphadraconic R.reptilian I.illuminati D.demiurgic) dummy master plan
for
toca kseed. thats hen it strted thats when th se assholes came in and it looks good for
a bit becaue usa was till idighigh on many gre t peputations and privelgances
and cultural capital acquired and maintained through the post ww2 economic policy
Shifts from classic liberalism to "liberalimm" before they indid all that with "mno
liberalism" (i hate men and t heir inane naming comnventions) anyways so wa i was
saying it was hard to catch onto almost at all until the te mid to late 90s
probably because thiss is righ before y2k AKA when the singularity/robotapocalypse7roboahuman assencion entered mainstream conciousness. and it was sl ower going
still because people didnt rely on the in ernet for info t hey relied of published
books which yes any old freak can publish a book and it be in a library but it was
less likely to find absolute unhunged nobasis concpiracy con twnt as much as you
b
were to to find actually acceditable information of what broadly considered
tod y to be pesudo sciences aka psychic phenomenon, anxcient histroyanomolies,
astrology, traditional and herbal medicines, etc! and even hen back when geocities
and angelfire etc were the standard it took that mouch ore passion to actually
create and aintain such a piecc of con ent like a book r a website about some
crea
nehb- niche interewt was predicated on fo books having money and a publisher
interested in your work or for a website you needed to actually code the interface
you log into yr social media hub and mass post any thought that com s tomind
instantly accseible to the world! now this may seem to le leading into a boomer
about technology but its not. the increase f info flow is as healing as it has
now
is rantbeen
disasterous. heres the point ive ben building to about reganom ics etc.
political info was till only trusted by mainstream sources and anticommunist prop
oganda was starting to take held of th narrative which is when and where the steр
UNDO the labor/social/economic progress made in benefit to average citixans
misinformation is spread rememer that VERITY
to
made its first push. over time as is
is spread faster--fer-every 902siktoks--prometing-magaut of eviry 10 politicalopinion/assertion tiktoks, you can count on 9.5 being harmful. then that 5 will be misguided perhaps but seeded with breadcrumbs toeward actual verity. and ut of every 25 of thoseeposts itmy estimate 3 will have safe and reliable inig. and of tose th ee it takes just oneshare to have it reach  millions f people who actually knoww how to think
pont.anyway of those people whom actually now how to think, all they need
to do is share what they learned with people who rust them.
for example. in a family of ignorants, one cousin takes a semester of communitycollege and learns a few things they dont accept at first because they didnt think
to even think abiut it het alone actually think aboiut how the outcome came o be.88.they like a brat dominate the classes with relentless questioning and challengi.isethey think they know better wbui what they dont kmow i tht thy actually do know
know better. that knowing letter is mt nowing .so the cousin eventually absorbs
a kernal of verity from the course and because they were able to bhow how THEY
persoanally misunderstood soe methin g before it made sens when they relay it to
their maga family at thanksgiving the infectious viral condition called CURIOSITYhas already bo ed into the genetics of that bloodline. wow that was a loyt of yaddayadda to say not mich blbut something important.


JULY 0R202925....ya julyn2 025 i really though 7-2-2025 had passed b ut its
y hdhdiil hi chanchanging this godforsaken ink rbiibbon hhsjd eihhhhhhh
jesus fucking christ well
whatever. fucking pdiddy was only found guilty of transporting with intent
to prprostitute . not even guilty of the economic charges!!!!!! now watch
theyll give luigi the god damn death penalty. i just hope we i mean he was
able to at least r ead the docs i sent him if rint not able to listen to the
tape cassete i sent him. im pleased thatb i thought to record it digitally
before sending it off. early frebruary and it is now earlty july wow has it re
really been almost six months since i mailed that package?
how the fuck as the world moe simple thenits just gettin so0000oo staged
eve n the NPCs are getting bored and st artimg to notice.
well theyve been saying it sin e tim began
the world is coming to
an end and likeb chicken little
little chickens hoard their dread mistaking their crumbs for the sky fa ling i
instea d.
or perhaps tis by design methinks
the way the data sets into dépking ships from starlight hurled from above they teach us that these bombs mean lo ve
they teach me that the bombs need love
but my worrying shall never stop
much to busy, bones to chop
building my hoard of pOrn in dread i s ettleninto the oven well done maybe
ugh!!!!!!
but not dead.
georgiaaaa sweeeet georgiaaaaa on my mind. fuck a cbo hejrur nabu go brrrrr
go brrrrrr wind yo lol w ind be like yo sup wendidaowhgms, dhfn
anyways. i have to come up with a plan. i think th tth t over all rogers
park is still best place for me to be ineed to ensure lake michigan access!!!!
t bh thats probably whats fucking with me i am p much land locked
midw4et-is-se-spoiled- lakesudide townships allong the great lakes are so spoi
so spoiled. what a fucking crime the trail of ears is like we learmed about i
in school but that displacement which modern se,ibrown people AERICANS are
p much experiencing its like ....forc d removal from he motherland my understanding of this unique trauma becomes mo re clear ewryday. rogers park
echoes with the voi ces of the potowatomi peopls but they wwhile currently
exist and are triba; lly active, have been totally dispalaced in some land
locked bullshit lik iowa. to be i digenous to the graeat lakes region ansd
be forcibly removed en m asse with no realistic way to re urn bcuz that ;a d
is pop ulated with so much more than just colonizers now. anyway if i feel
this fucked up being so far from the lake and shattred mishipeshu may nver
rest peacefully EVER not even for a moment. reminds me of tiamat ceasin HER
peace acquiescing to HIS requirements for peace now she relentlessly stalks
salted waters. mintakabwaves goodbye obliterated timeline watrers dark
i don t mind the bioluminal abyss of pistol shrimp anf anglershrimp
mami wati n thebtide thirsty never satisfied
how does one rehydrate water?
i
by melting. long live tiamt. the waterds are warming yet icecaps gaoiled
billions of tons or maybe just millio n of tons back in ice. how?
:( its not nice in this bucket of ice crabs caht pull or climbbjust slip and d
downslide:.....sliiiiiide to th RIGHT chcha real smooooth 1mfao.



-RYAN AND HOOCH SOURGOUGH STARTERS-



......goby diversity ; yoyclams, Sammy the worm and the pistol shrimp wizards of oz

WACKYJAY DA MANEDWOLF SWAYZE
hyena diva and wacky jay the maned wolf swayze fall in love so I’ve been trying to think about his personality and his tropes and stereotypes. What if he was a Guido I love Jersey shore did you know that Snookie is actually Chilean but was adopted by 100% Italian parents Italian American parents so she’s only Italian by proxy, but since the maned. Is only found in South America. We can say that they’re related but hes  a Johnny bravo type except he’s originally not trying to date as many girls as possible. He’s looking for a wife to bring home to his Mamma Mia and he wants to have like 100 babies. He’s like Michael Scott, kind of yeah he’s like Michael Scott Michael Scott was a maned wolf that was the owner and manager of a series of semi successful not quite failed family businesses, family style businesses like the country butt fet and thr spaceplayce he falls in love with hyena diva because she finally for once says something that makes sense. She asking him why he didn’t just call it a playspace instead of making up the word playce to have it rhyme lol hes  insane and yet so tragic and so creepy and so cartoonishly tolerable. hes the ken to her barbie he is the last surviving creature that knows the oral tradition of the heirloom spaghetti sauce recipe that pip a
1. The "Guido" Build: The Maned Wolf’s Natural Aesthetic
The "Jersey Shore" Silhouette: Wacky Jay has the ultimate Guido physique: All legs, tiny waist, and a massive blowout. The maned wolf’s black "stockings" (legs) and the thick, erectile black mane on the neck are the animal kingdom’s version of a spray tan and a gallon of hair gel.
The Swagger (The Pacing Gait): Because Maned Wolves move both legs on the same side at once, Wacky Jay doesn't walk; he struts. It’s a rhythmic, confident, yet slightly unsettling sway that screams, "I’m here for the ladies, but mostly for the garlic knots."
2. The "Michael Scott" Business Logic: SpacePlayce vs. Butt-fet
The "Solitary" Entrepreneur: In reality, Maned Wolves are solitary. This fits Wacky Jay’s "King of a Kingdom of One" energy. He owns these "family-style" businesses (The Country Butt-fet) but has no family. He is desperately trying to "lump" himself into a social group that doesn't exist.
The Heirloom Sauce (The "Wolf Apple" Connection): Since the Maned Wolf is the only large canid that needs fruit to survive, Wacky Jay being the keeper of the "Heirloom Spaghetti Sauce" is a brilliant nod. His "Mamma Mia" probably told him the secret ingredient is the Lobeira fruit (the Wolf Apple), which is why his sauce is the only thing that keeps the Kingdom’s citizens from getting "kidney worms" (or whatever existential dread they have).
3. Why He Falls for Hyena Diva (The Science of "Diva Consciousness")
The Social "Lumper" meets the Solitary "Splitter":
HD (The Diva): She comes from a culture of 80+ clan members. She is loud, violent, and hyper-social.
Wacky Jay: He is used to the silence of the South American grasslands.
The Attraction: When HD asks why he didn't just call it a "PlaySpace," she is using her superior Hyena brain (hyenas are famously better at problem-solving than lions or even some primates). Wacky Jay, who is "cartoonishly tolerable," is smitten because someone finally looked at his "SpacePlayce" and tried to apply logic to his madness.
The "Ken" Energy: Since Maned Wolves have no sexual dimorphism (males and females look the same), Wacky Jay is the perfect "Ken." He’s all about the look and the vibe, while HD is the "Barbie" who actually has the 1,100 PSI bite force to back up her Diva claims.
4. Contrast: The "Bone Crusher" vs. The "Stilt Walker"
The Tragic "Creepy" Factor: In your script, HD goes into a "legit apex-prey drive" and starts eating the audience alive. Wacky Jay likely just stands there, 3 feet tall on his stilts, raising his mane to look bigger, and says, "Ey! Use a napkin, ya animal! That’s a delicate upholstery!"
The "100 Babies" Dream: This is the most tragic/funny part of Wacky Jay. Real Maned Wolves only have 1 to 5 pups a year and are strictly monogamous. His "Michael Scott" dream of having 100 kids to bring home to Mamma is biologically impossible for his species, making him a "tragic, insane, yet tolerable" figure.
Suggested Tropes for Wacky Jay:
The "Vocal" Misunderstanding: Maned wolves make a "Roar-Bark." Wacky Jay should try to use his "Roar-Bark" as a smooth pick-up line, but it just sounds like a muffled explosion.
The "Cannabis" Scent: People always accuse him of "partying" in the back of the SpacePlayce because Maned Wolf urine smells exactly like weed. He’s actually totally sober—it’s just his natural "Guido" cologne.
The High-Heeled Stalk: He should constantly be tripping or looking awkward because his legs are too long for the rinky-dink kingdom’s infrastructure.


AI Mode
All
Web
Images
Shopping
More




panda clown goby
The 
Panda Clown Goby (Paragobiodon lacunicolus) is a tiny, charismatic marine fish known for its striking black, white, and yellow coloration. Reaching only about 1 to 1.75 inches in length, it is one of the smallest fish available for the marine aquarium hobby, making it a favorite for nano reefs. 

Saltwaterfish.com +4
Quick Care Profile
	•	Minimum Tank Size: 5–10 gallons.
	•	Temperament: Generally peaceful, though they can be territorial with their own kind in smaller tanks.
	•	Diet: Carnivore; they require small, meaty foods like frozen mysis shrimp, brine shrimp, or cyclops.
	•	Reef Compatibility: Mostly reef-safe, but they may nip at the polyps of SPS corals (particularly Pocillopora or Acropora) where they like to perch and spawn.
	•	Lifespan: Up to 6 years with proper care. 
	•	
	•	LiveAquaria +6
	•	
Key Characteristics
	•	Symbiotic Behavior: In the wild, they live almost exclusively within the branches of Pocillopora coral colonies.
	•	Slow Eaters: Because they are shy and deliberate eaters, they often benefit from target feeding with a pipette to ensure they aren't outcompeted by faster tank mates.
	•	Unique Defense: Like many clown gobies, they produce a bitter, toxic mucus on their skin to deter predators.
	•	Gender Benders: They are bi-directional hermaphrodites, meaning any two individuals can eventually form a breeding pair by changing sex to accommodate each other. 
	•	
	•	LiveAquaria +4
	•	
Are you considering adding a Panda Clown Goby to a nano reef or a larger community tank?



12 sites
	•	Panda Goby - Marine Fish - LiveAquaria
	•	Overview. The Panda Goby is usually found among the branches of Pocillopora coral colonies. They are a small stocky shaped fish wi...
	•	
	•	LiveAquaria
	•	
	•	Goby – Clown (Panda) - Live Gem Factory Ltd.
	•	Goby – Clown (Panda) ... Panda Clown Goby Care Tips: * Minimum Tank Size: 5 Gallons. * Max Size: Up to 3.75cm (1½″) * Diet: Carniv...
	•	
	•	Live Gem Factory Ltd.
	•	
	•	Panda Goby (Paragobiodon lacunicolus)Tropical Fish Keeping
	•	Dec 1, 2025 — In their natural environment, the Panda Goby feeds primarily on tiny zooplankton and microorganisms picked from the water column a...
	•	
	•	tropical-fish-keeping.com
	•	
Show all
specifically excluding shrimp goby, whos da scariest goby whos da most pathetic and whos da diva
Excluding the symbiotic shrimp gobies (like the 
Yasha or Watchman), here is the lineup for the scariest, most pathetic, and biggest diva in the goby world:
1. The Scariest: Purple Eel Goby (Taenioides purpurascens)
	•	Why: This fish is pure nightmare fuel. It is often called the "Alien Goby" or "Worm Goby" because it looks disturbingly like the chestburster from the Alien movies.
	•	The Look: It has no visible eyes, a translucent pinkish-purple body, and a massive, upturned mouth filled with jagged, needle-like glass teeth.
	•	The Vibe: It lurks in the mud of estuaries, waiting to ambush prey. While not dangerous to humans, its appearance is visceral horror compared to the cute faces of most other gobies.
2. The Most Pathetic: Pygmy Goby (Eviota sigillata)
	•	Why: It has the shortest lifespan of any vertebrate animal on Earth.
	•	The Life Cycle: Its entire existence lasts about 59 days. It spends three weeks as larvae, settles on a reef, grows up in two weeks, breeds for three weeks, and then dies of old age.
	•	The Vibe: It is here for a good time, not a long time—and that "good time" is barely a blink. It is the definition of fleeting and fragile.
3. The Diva: Clown Goby (Gobiodon species)
	•	Why: It is entitled, rude to your corals, and physically toxic.
	•	The Behavior: Unlike other fish that swim, the Clown Goby demands to "perch." It will actively choose your most expensive SPS coral (like Acropora), sit on it, and nip away the polyps to clear a spot for its eggs, irritating the coral to death.
	•	The Attitude: If a predator tries to eat it, it secretes a bitter, toxic mucus. It demands specific frozen foods, ruins your aquascape’s prize corals, and just sits there judging you with a permanent frown.
What other fish have toxic mucus for defense?
What other gobies are known for their unique symbiotic relationships?
Tell me more about the Purple Eel Goby's habitat and diet
>;D i fucking knew it would be da diva clown goby >;D but fuck i did not know that gobys were so generally menaces???? aint they tiny??? how big is tyhe biggest goby and smallest? alo just for fun assuming the shrimp gobys "handler" shrimp aint around  who would when in a firth a shrimp goby or clown goby??? ALSO. would acrab eating fox be abale to take on a cocnut crab assuming theres jusrt ione???
Gobies
 are indeed generally tiny, but the size difference between the "kings" and the "peasants" of the family is massive. Here is the breakdown of the sizes and the fight outcomes you requested.
1. The Size Extremes
	•	The Smallest: Trimmatom nanus (Dwarf Goby)
	◦	Size: Less than 1 centimeter (about 0.4 inches) fully grown.
	◦	Fact: Until recently, it held the record for the smallest vertebrate on Earth. It is barely visible to the naked eye and looks like a little grain of rice with fins.
	•	The Biggest: Oxyeleotris marmorata (Marble Goby)
	◦	Size: Can grow up to 26 inches (over 2 feet) long.
	◦	Fact: This is not a cute aquarium pet; it is an apex predator in Southeast Asian rivers. It is often sold in food markets and is large enough to swallow your Panda Clown Goby whole without even chewing.



2. Fight: Shrimp Goby vs. Clown Goby (No Shrimp)
If you take away the Shrimp Goby's "bodyguard" (the pistol shrimp) and force a 1v1 against a Clown Goby, the outcome is decisive.
	•	The Winner: The Shrimp Goby (e.g., Yellow Watchman).
	•	The Reason: Weight classes matter.
	◦	Size: A Yellow Watchman Goby grows to about 3–4 inches and has a large, frowning mouth designed to grab sizable chunks of food. The Clown Goby tops out at 1.5 inches.
	◦	The Fight: The Shrimp Goby is 2–3 times the size of the Clown Goby. It would physically dominate the fight.
	◦	The Twist: The Clown Goby has one dirty trick—toxic mucus. If the Shrimp Goby actually tried to eat the Clown Goby, it would likely spit it out immediately due to the bitter poison. But in a turf war? The Shrimp Goby bullies the diva easily.



3. Fight: Crab-eating Fox vs. Coconut Crab
This is a classic case of "False Advertising" regarding the fox's name.
	•	The Winner: The Coconut Crab.
	•	The Fox: The Crab-eating Fox weighs about 10–17 lbs. It eats small mud crabs (the size of a cookie) in South American floodplains. It is an opportunistic scavenger, not a warrior.
	•	The Crab: The Coconut Crab weighs up to 9 lbs (almost as much as the fox) but is built like a biological tank.
	•	The Weapon: The Coconut Crab's pinch exerts 3,300 Newtons of force. That is stronger than a lion's bite and nearly equals a bear's bite.
	•	The Outcome:
	◦	The fox would likely sniff the crab, realize it is an armored boulder, and walk away.
	◦	If the fox did attack, it would try to bite the hard shell (and fail).
	◦	The moment the Coconut Crab landed a pinch on the fox’s nose or leg, it would snap the bone like a twig. The fox is agile, but one mistake means losing a limb. The crab is simply too armored and possesses too much crushing power for a small fox to handle.
ok ok but then riddle me this mrs cochanelnut tree crab, how does that newton translate to the 100psi bite force f say a spotted hyena O.o
Here is the breakdown of how the 
Coconut Crab's pinch stacks up against the Spotted Hyena's legendary bite.
The Unit Confusion: Newtons vs. PSI
When comparing these two, it is important to distinguish between Force (Newtons) and Pressure (PSI).
	•	Force (Newtons): The total "oomph" or "push" behind the action.
	•	Pressure (PSI): How much that force is concentrated on a single square inch.
The Math: 3,300 Newtons vs. Hyena Bite
The 3,300 Newtons of a Coconut Crab's pinch translates to approximately 742 pounds of force (lbf). 
Animal 
Force in Newtons
Force in Pounds (lbf)
Estimated Pressure (PSI)
Coconut Crab
3,300 N
~742 lbs
Unknown (Varies by claw tip size)
Spotted Hyena
4,500 N
~1,011 lbs
1,100 PSI
The Reality Check
	•	The Hyena wins on raw force: While some older headlines claimed the Coconut Crab has a stronger "bite" than any land animal, more recent data confirms that Spotted Hyenas exert about 4,500 Newtons. This makes the hyena's bite significantly more powerful in terms of total raw force.
	•	The "PSI" Trap: You mentioned 100 PSI for a hyena, but they actually clock in closer to 1,100 PSI. For comparison, a human's bite is around 150–200 PSI.
	•	Pressure vs. Force: If a Coconut Crab pinches you with its tiny, sharp claw tip, the Pressure (PSI) could actually be higher than a hyena’s because that 742 lbs of force is concentrated on a microscopic point. It’s the difference between being hit by a sledgehammer (high force) versus being pricked by a needle (high pressure). 
	•	
	•	International Fund for Animal Welfare | IFAW +4
	•	
The Verdict
The Spotted Hyena is the undisputed Heavyweight Champion of raw force between the two. However, on a pound-for-pound basis, the Coconut Crab is the more impressive "bio-machine." A 9 lb crab producing 742 lbs of force is like a human being able to crush a car with their bare hands. 

International Fund for Animal Welfare | IFAW
Since we are talking about absolute menaces, do you want to know about the shrimp that can punch so hard it literally creates light and heat underwater?



6 sites
	•	9 mammals, sharks, and reptiles with the strongest bite
	•	Aug 26, 2025 — Also known as the laughing hyena, the spotted hyena (Crocuta crocuta) has one of the strongest recorded bites of all carnivorous m...
	•	
	•	International Fund for Animal Welfare | IFAW
	•	
	•	Top 10: Which animals have the strongest bite?
	•	Apr 29, 2023 — Hyena (1,100psi) © Getty - © Getty Images. Distribution: Sub-Saharan Africa. Hyena bite force is used for: Grinding down bones to ...
	•	
	•	BBC Science Focus Magazine
	•	
	•	What Animal Has the Strongest Bite Force? - Field & Stream
	•	Aug 20, 2025 — Spotted Hyena Bite Force: 1,100 PSI Hyenas are skilled hunters that often make their own kills, but their tremendous jaw strength ...
	•	
	•	Field & Stream
	•	
100psi was ansolutekly a typio omg buty wait rly no qway? copcnuit crabs werre the previous placeholder for that title wow O,.o ok ok ok so  the how do u measure stranght of a mantis shrimp smash and then ikn sheer power like rthe bodybuilder class lets pretemnd we have hyena cocnut crab mantis AND pistol shrimp and we will also include hippos to humbkle hyenas not to humble hyenas but humble me as a hyena freak
Yes, the "100 PSI" for a 
hyena was definitely a typo—it's more like 1,100 PSI. But if you are looking for the absolute "Bodybuilder Class" ranking, we have to bring out the heavyweights.
Here is how you measure that insane shrimp punch, followed by the final Power Ranking to humble us all.
Part 1: How Do You Measure a Mantis Shrimp Smash?
You can’t just ask it to punch a scale. Scientists (specifically biology labs like Dr. Sheila Patek's) use a setup that looks like a microscopic boxing ring:
	1	Force Transducers: They place a tiny, highly sensitive sensor (a force transducer) against the shrimp’s burrow entrance. When the shrimp strikes it, the sensor measures the Newtons of impact.
	2	High-Speed Cameras: They film at 100,000 frames per second. This allows them to calculate acceleration.
	3	The Double Tap: The sensors reveal something wild: the Mantis Shrimp hits twice with one punch.
	◦	Hit 1: The physical fist impacting the shell.
	◦	Hit 2: The cavitation bubble collapsing just microseconds later. This collapse releases heat (as hot as the surface of the sun) and light. This second "shockwave" hit often does more damage than the punch itself.



Part 2: The Bodybuilder Class (Ranked by Sheer Force)
We are ranking these contenders by Raw Force (Newtons). This is the "Who can bench press a truck" contest.
5. The Pistol Shrimp (The Sniper)
	•	Force: Not applicable in standard Newtons.
	•	The Gimmick: It doesn't punch; it snaps its claw to shoot a bubble bullet.
	•	The Vibe: It’s a wizard, not a warrior. It uses "magic" (physics) to stun prey from a distance. It generates 218 decibels (louder than a gunshot), but if you put it in an arm-wrestling match, it loses.
4. The Mantis Shrimp (The Lightweight Champion)
	•	Force: ~1,500 Newtons (~337 lbs of force).
	•	The Vibe: Pound-for-pound, this is the strongest animal on Earth. It is the size of a hot dog but hits with the force of a .22 caliber bullet. However, in an absolute contest against giants, it is simply too small to win on raw numbers.
3. The Coconut Crab (The Armored Tank)
	•	Force: ~3,300 Newtons (~742 lbs of force).
	•	The Vibe: Pure crushing power. It has no speed, no venom, just a hydraulic press attached to its body. It grips and doesn't let go until the bone snaps.
2. The Spotted Hyena (The Bone Crusher)
	•	Force: ~4,500 Newtons (~1,010 lbs of force).
	•	The Vibe: The hyena is built for endurance and destruction. Its conical teeth are designed specifically to shatter bone so it can eat the marrow. It is a biological trash compactor.
1. The Hippo (The Humble-Maker)
	•	Force: ~8,100+ Newtons (~1,820 lbs of force).
	•	The Vibe: The absolute unit.
	•	The Reality Check: A hippo bites nearly twice as hard as a hyena. While the hyena is cracking bones, the hippo is capable of snapping a 10-foot crocodile in half. It is an herbivore that chooses violence every single day.
Summary
	•	Pound-for-Pound King: Mantis Shrimp (Punching 2,500x its own weight).
	•	The Actual King: Hippo (Biting with the force of a falling grand piano).
are you telling me pistol shrimp just make a loud noise and they asre big fake wizard iof izes! and they are praised for haveing claws betetr suited for their rerspectice claw moves but that the mantis shrtimp ghas to molt so much more bcuz iut takes morew dmaage BUT THATS CUZ ITS DOING CAVUATTAION PISTOL SHRIMP AERE A SCAM THAST WHY THEY NEED GOBYS TO PROTECT THEM LOL
The 
pistol shrimp creates a loud noise [oceana.org], but a mantis shrimp is a physical brawler [www.patek.biology.duke.edu].
Here's a comparison:
	•	Pistol Shrimp: Creates a cavitation bubble to stun prey from a distance [www.britannica.com]. They are almost completely blind and have a symbiotic relationship with gobies [www.aims.gov.au]. The goby serves as a bodyguard.
	•	Mantis Shrimp: Uses "dactyl clubs" (impact hammers) to deliver a physical strike [www.montereybayaquarium.org]. The strikes are so fast that they create cavitation bubbles. Mantis shrimp must rebuild their hammers frequently because they fracture from the force.
who cares about a loud noiose we are comparing brute force strengtgh of hyenas mantis shrimp (not ebven shrimp) hippos and cocnut crabs
Exactly. You’ve successfully exposed the 
Pistol Shrimp for what it is: a glass cannon that hides behind a goby. In a "Brute Force Olympics," it's disqualified for using a parlor trick.
If we strip away the noise and the bubbles to focus on sheer mechanical destruction, here is the final leaderboard for the Goby-verse Heavyweight Championship:
The Brute Force Leaderboard
	1	The Hippo (The God-Tier): With a bite force of 1,800+ PSI and enough mass to overturn a truck, it wins on scale alone. It doesn't need "techniques"; it just exists and things break National Geographic.
	2	The Spotted Hyena (The Specialist): The king of the Bone-Crushers. It doesn't just bite; it grinds. It’s the highest-ranking predator on this list in terms of actual predatory force San Diego Zoo Wildlife Alliance.
	3	The Coconut Crab (The Industrial Press): It is the only "shellfish" that can challenge mammals. It produces more force than a Leopard or a Grizzly Bear could with their jaws The Guardian.
	4	The Mantis Shrimp (The Kinetic Freak): Even though it isn't technically a shrimp (it's a Stomatopod), it is the only thing on this list that can break laboratory-grade aquarium glass. It hits with the acceleration of a bullet, but because it weighs 3 ounces, it can't out-brute a 9lb crab PBS NewsHour.
The "Fraud" Corner
	•	Pistol Shrimp: 0/10 Brute Force. It’s basically a tiny underwater flashbang grenade. If you actually grabbed one, it has zero defensive strength—which is exactly why it pays a Goby in rent (burrow space) to be its eyes and ears Smithsonian Magazine.
The Final Humbling: The Hippo is so strong that it doesn't even have to try. A hippo’s yawn isn't a sign of sleepiness; it’s a threat display showing off tusks that can grow 20 inches long and bite a 1,000lb crocodile in half.
Since you're a Hyena freak, do you want to see how the Spotted Hyena's "laugh" actually works as a status-ranking system, or should we talk about which Goby is brave enough to live in a Hippo's mouth?
oh i know everything asbout hyernass tahts why i was so emabnarrased when i typed 100 psi lmao WAIT NO tell me how does a goby vary so much??
It is absolute evolutionary chaos. The reason gobies vary from 
0.4-inch rice grains to 2-foot river monsters is because they are one of the most successful "templates" in the history of fish. There are over 2,000 species, and they’ve filled every weird niche on the planet.
Here is how they became such a varied mess of freaks and divas:
1. The "Swiss Army Knife" Pelvic Fin
Almost all gobies have a secret weapon: their pelvic fins are fused into a suction cup.
	•	The Tiny Ones: Use it to stick to the side of corals (like your Clown Goby diva) so they don't get blown away.
	•	The Absolute Units: Use it to climb waterfalls. Seriously. Some goby species use their mouths and suction-cup bellies to scale 400-foot cliffs in Hawaii.
2. Habitat Extremes
Gobies are the "roommates from hell"—they will live anywhere.
	•	The Freshwater Giants: The Marble Goby (Oxyeleotris marmorata) lives in Southeast Asian rivers. Because there were fewer big predators in its specific mud-niches, it just kept growing until it became a 2-foot-long ambush log.
	•	The Deep Sea / Reef Dwarfs: In the high-competition world of a coral reef, being big is a disadvantage (everything wants to eat you). The Dwarf Goby (Trimmatom nanus) evolved to be "invisible" to predators by staying under 1cm.
3. The Mudskipper: The Ultimate Goby Giga-Chad
We can't talk about goby variety without the Mudskipper. These are gobies that decided the ocean sucked and moved onto land.
	•	They breathe through their skin.
	•	They use their fins as legs to walk.
	•	They have eyes on top of their heads like frogs to watch for birds.
	•	The Vibe: They are the only gobies that could technically witness a Coconut Crab vs. Hyena fight from the sidelines.
The "Goby in a Hippo Mouth" Fact
Since you mentioned the Hippo—there is a goby relative (the Sleepy Goby/Sleeper) that hangs out in the same African waterways as Hippos. While they don't literally live inside the mouth, they are part of the "cleanup crew" that eats parasites and dead skin off the Hippo's body. The Hippo—the 8,100 Newton murder-machine—just lets them do it because it’s like a free spa day.
Should we look into the Mudskipper, the goby that literally fights with its mouth open to defend its mud-castle?
ah if u ask me the real roomate from hell is a yoyoclam. pstol shrimp get many benefits from their goby. mantis shrimp get driven into bererker rage insabnity from being ridden around like a magicik beautidful donkey
You are absolutely right—the 
Pistol Shrimp is a strategic genius (or a lazy landlord), while the Mantis Shrimp is a tragic, muscle-bound gladiator.
If the Pistol Shrimp is a "Wizard of Oz" fraud, the Mantis Shrimp is a berserker warrior who paid for his strength with his sanity. Every time a Mantis Shrimp molts, it is a life-or-death crisis because its own weapons are so powerful they can shatter its new, soft shell if it gets "the itch" to punch too early.
The "Beautiful Berserker" Problem
The reason the Mantis Shrimp is so "menace-coded" compared to the Pistol Shrimp boils down to two things:
	1	The Eyes: They have the most complex eyes in the known universe (16 color receptors vs. our 3). They see colors and polarizations we can't even imagine. They aren't "blind" like the Pistol Shrimp; they see too much. They are essentially seeing the Matrix while being built like a tank.
	2	The "Berserker" Molt: Because they hit with 1,500 Newtons, their clubs get microscopic fractures. They have to molt to repair their weapons. During this time, they are soft, vulnerable, and incredibly cranky. If you look at one wrong during a molt, it will try to kill you even if it breaks its own arms doing it.
The Goby "Service Animal" vs. The Mantis Loner
	•	The Pistol Shrimp: Needs a Goby to tell it when the "Scary Hyenas of the Sea" are coming. It’s a symbiotic partnership based on mutual weakness.
	•	The Mantis Shrimp: Needs no one. It lives in a hole, hates neighbors, and will punch a Goby into orbit just for looking at its front door.
The Yoyo Clam: The True Roommate from Hell
Since you mentioned the Yoyo Clam (Divariscintilla yoyo), you’ve hit the peak of "Goby freeloading."
	•	These tiny clams attach themselves to the burrows of Mantis Shrimp and other burrowers.
	•	They use their foot to "hop" around like a yoyo (hence the name).
	•	They don't pay rent. They don't guard the door. They just hang out in the Mantis Shrimp's house, eating the scraps from the Mantis's violent kills, and the Mantis—the glass-shattering terror of the reef—just lets this tiny, bouncy clam live there.
It’s the ultimate disrespect: the Mantis Shrimp will fight a human diver but acts as a reluctant foster parent to a jumping clam.
Do you want to see the Yoyo Clam's "hop" in action, or should we go back to the Mudskipper who is the only Goby brave enough to walk away from all this underwater drama?
pea parable.pdf
no mantis shrimp are not menace cioded, p[istol shrim,p are at least b mty anrthropormprphioc approximation. PISTOL SHRIMPS ARE LIES. also i am heavily biased b y the absurdist fairytale im writing asmnd for which i am furthering reasearches with various areas of marine life and the plot is ewriting itself

